[Music]
What is not baked in is the idea that we
may actually end up needing these cuts
>> right along with everybody else. I
expect a quarter point cut.
>> We don't see the economy going to above
trend growth. So this is a really a kind
of a muddling through scenario.
>> I don't think anyone would be completely
shocked by, you know, a more dovish bias
here.
>> If they do 25 bips or if they do even
50, the market should be able to take
it. This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Tuesday, the two-day meeting
begins. The Federal Reserve getting
together ahead of tomorrow's decision as
White House Fed pick Steven Marin is
taking a seat at the table. A US appeals
court is blocking President Donald
Trump's latest effort to remove Fed
Governor Lisa Cook. So, if you weren't
interested about what's happening in
Washington DC, which begins today and
ends tomorrow, well, this is going to be
fireworks. The idea of a Lisa Cook
Steven showdown is made for prime time
TV. The reality is that might make
really good headlines, but the actual
fireworks for markets may happen in the
guidance going forward of what they plan
to do with policy, of which Steven Myron
is a temporary part since he has such a
short term.
>> We've already had the fireworks in the
markets.
>> That's true. Record highs on the S&P
500, on the NASDAQ 100, Bank of America
out with their fund manager survey so
far this morning. These are the
headlines. The most bullish survey since
February. Equity allocation the highest
in 7 months. And this a record say
stocks are overvalued going into this
Fed decision.
>> They say stocks are overvalued and they
keep buying particularly tech stocks are
overvalued and they keep buying tech
stocks to a significant degree. Why?
Because of rate cuts. And this hinges on
the tension, the idea that you do get
some sort of rate cutting cycle that
gives power to the equity rally at a
time where they don't see weakness. Just
to give you a sense of this, if you look
at the internals of the survey, it's
pretty fascinating. Not only are they
the most bullish on equities going back
7 months, but about 39% of surveys
respondents to the survey want companies
to increase capital spending. That is
the most since December. So, this is a
forward look into growth and optimism.
It goes beyond just a one-time pop. at
the same time that they're clamoring for
a rate cutting cycle.
>> We started the week asking this
question. Can this Federal Reserve meet
this market? Just how far is Steven
Myron, now Governor Myron, willing to
push things? Just how low is that dot
going to be?
>> Yeah. And how much will the market care
considering that his term is up early
next year, right? Is he more of the
noise or the signal as to who will
replace Chair Powell uh come next spring
when there is a new Fed chair? Look,
this really is the question. Can the Fed
confirm what's in markets, which is a
rate cutting cycle that brings uh Fed
funds rates close to 3% or even below
that by the end of next year? If they
can't, how significant is the blowback
or are people going to take it in stride
and find another reason to be bullish?
>> And if they do, will it look credible or
will it look political? And that's a
very, very different conclusion.
>> You know, one thing that I was struck by
is that one of the biggest potential
pain trades is a stronger dollar. This
to me is a fascinating moment because a
lot of what we're talking about, the
idea of a Fed that's easing quickly and
maybe isn't as credible, but it doesn't
really matter because it's going to
juice growth. That story has led to this
persistent weakening in the dollar. If
you get a reversal of that, how violent
could the pain trade be given the fact
this has been such a consensus bet? as
we speak. Dollar weakness. Euro dollar
through 118 11812 on that currency pair.
The highest potentially if we close here
since September 2021. Some euro strength
on the screen at least so far this
morning. That's some of the price action
for you coming up this hour. We'll catch
up with Henry Allen of Deutsche Bank as
stocks hit fresh record highs. Brad
Gardner of Steve as an awkward FOMC
meeting gets underway and Elliot Scaloo
of Bank of America on the valuation
fears across Wall Street. We begin this
hour with stocks hitting new all-time
highs ahead of the Fed's two-day
meeting. Henry Allen of Deutsche Bank
writing the following. The backdrop
remains bullish, but there's currently a
great paradox in markets. Henry joins us
now for more. Henry, good morning and
welcome to the program. Let's talk about
that paradox. Briefly describe what is
at the epicenter of this market for you.
>> Well, as I say, there's this great
paradox because on the one hand, you've
got a lot of signs of caution. So gold
prices at a record high even in
inflation adjusted terms and we've seen
clear signs of weakness in the US labor
market. We've got geopolitical risks,
tariffs still floating through. So lot
of sign of caution and hence investors
are pricing in more rapid rate cuts. But
then as you said, we've also got risk
assets at all-time highs. The S&P 500
hitting a succession of record highs now
on track for six out of seven weekly
gains. And actually USIG credit spreads
yesterday were at the tightest since
which is again portraying a much more
bullish backdrop relative to those fears
that a lot of people are talking about.
So I think if we take out the noise and
look at the fundamentals and growth
still looks pretty robust according to
GDP trackers I think we're still in a
pretty good place.
>> So Henry the problem I think a lot of
people have got at the moment the
payrolls data. We've had a huge step
down in the payrolls data which has led
the Federal Reserve to this very moment
to consider interest rate cuts and this
market as Lisa and I have talked about
seems to be overweight rate cuts but
underweight the reasons for them. Is
there any reason that's going to flip
anytime soon?
>> So I'm not too alarmed by that for a
couple of reasons. One is that actually
if you look at the break even payroll
number given Trump's moves to clamp down
on immigration actually it suggests the
break even number to keep the
unemployment rate steady is as low as 60
to 70,000. So in and of itself the fact
that we've seen a slowdown isn't a cause
for alarm. The other thing and this
might again seem paradoxical is actually
from the benchmark revisions we saw last
week. Yes, they were very heavy, record
numbers and indeed, you know, 911,000
lower for the year from April 24 to
March 25. But there is actually
potentially a good interpretation of
that, which is because 2024 was revised
down quite a lot. Actually, the slowdown
in payrolls that you see on the chart
from 24 into 25 doesn't look like much
of a slowdown at all. Actually, we're
still running at levels pretty similar
to last summer. So payrolls, yes,
they're subdued, but actually the GDP
trackers like the Atlanta Fed running
still above 3% are looking on the
stronger side. And perhaps one way you
can explain that is actually the
productivity growth is running pretty
decently because persistently in this
cycle, growth has been surprising on the
upside.
>> So Henry, this to me is the sort of
potential key to the paradox. This idea
of productivity allowing some sort of
growth and uh optimism around risk
assets without commensurate inflation.
yet then why should the dollar weaken so
substantially if the US according to
risk assets is going to be a bastion of
growth
>> so I think the dollar weakness isn't so
much because of the growth picture which
is pretty strong I think the dollar
weakness is coming because there are
genuine worries among investors about US
institutional credibility and about the
credibility of economic policym I mean
partly that's a tariff story uh not just
the tariffs themselves but the fact
we've had so much uncertainty and
volatility in those rates but of course
coupled with that we've got this attack
on the Fed's independence from Donald
Trump. I think some of that is over egg,
but clearly Trump is the first president
ever to publicly seek to fire a Fed
governor in Lisa Cook. You know, he's
not the first president to try and put
private pressure on the Fed, but he's
the first to do it so openly. So, I
think that's what's generating
nervousness and is leading to a bit more
skepticism about US assets. Even if the
growth pitch is very strong, I think
those worries are still at the back of
investors minds. Do you think then
because of the growth differentials
where they're at that maybe this weak
dollar story has been overplayed?
>> I don't think it has because actually I
think particularly when you couple the
institutional credibility issue with the
fact the Fed are now cutting rates and
set to embark on a easing cycle at the
same time that the ECB have now finished
their easing cycle and other central
banks indeed the Bank of Japan expected
to keep hiking. I think what you're
going to see is that interest rate
differential between the Fed and other
central banks tighten. So, I can see
fundamental reasons why you'd expect the
dollar to keep weakening at least on a
kind of medium-term 18-month horizon.
Yes, there will be uh blips on the way
and you know narrative shifts from month
to month. But I think uh the medium-term
path of the dollar is still definitely a
weaker one when you couple up the fact
that the Fed are cutting rates into a
pretty benign backdrop coupled with uh
the threats to the institutional
credibility and the fear that the Fed
might go pretty aggressively on cuts if
Trump is successful in shaping the Fed
board to his liking.
>> Henry, I just want to stay on this and
put all the pieces together. What I hear
from you is this Federal Reserve is
about to cut because of the labor market
data we've seen recently, but ultimately
you shouldn't be too worried about the
labor market data. So Henry, with that
in mind, how hot do you think this Fed
is about to run things going into 2026?
>> Well, I think that's a really big risk
and something that I would be worried
about if I were sitting on the FOMC. I
mean, one thing I'm really struck by is
that money supply growth in the US is
already picking up is the fastest since
2022. And actually another thing that
I'm really struck by is that if market
pricing is even vaguely correct and we
get another 100 bits of cuts in the next
year, you know, that's coming on top of
100 bits of cuts in the last year from
September to December 24. So that' be
200 bits of cuts in 2 years. And if you
look back at recent decades, almost
always when you've seen 200 bits of cuts
in two years, it's been because of a
recession. You've only once seen that in
a soft landing scenario and that was
under Paul Vulkar in the 80s when he was
bringing rates down from incredibly
restrictive territory. So not a scenario
uh like today at all. So you know you
throw on that scenario which is
unprecedented in modern times of the Fed
cutting aggressively 200 bips
potentially in 2 years into a soft
landing rather than a recession and
we're running a monetary experiment that
we haven't been running in many many
decades. You've got to go all the way
back before the Fed Treasury Accord when
the Fed wasn't really independent for
something like that. So it's going to be
really striking. I think the risk with
that is you know then inflation starts
to tick up more aggressively
particularly when you then couple that
onto the tariffs and the fact that
leading indicator inflation like the ISM
services price is paid you know where
that's running at the moment you 6570
that's consistent with CPI in the falls.
So then you chuck on a load of Fed
easing onto that then I'm certainly
worried about inflation in the coming
year.
>> So Henry if you're worried about that
other people might be excited about the
prospects for gold about the prospects
for equities something that tracks
nominal GDP quite nicely. Henry, what
would you be pushing into? What would
you be excited about if that's the
direction of travel for this Federal
Reserve?
>> Well, I'd certainly be excited about
gold, like you say. I mean, already last
week, we had a huge milestone because it
exceeded its previous inflation adjusted
peak at the start of 1980 and that was
an environment when inflation was raging
in double digits when Paul Vulkar was
radically trying to clamp down on
inflation by huge hikes in interest
rates. So the fact that we've now got
this backdrop where inflation might be
accelerating, there's doubts about the
credibility of US institutions, interest
rates are now coming down, and you know,
gold of course doesn't pay a dividend,
so that's inversely correlated with
interest rates, then I think gold is
definitely the place to be at the
moment.
>> Henry, if inflation does pick up, how
much of a pain trade is that for all of
the consensus trades that we're seeing
right now?
>> I think it would be a difficult one. I
think whether inflation picks up and
what that means on the the market front
really depends on the Fed reaction
function because it will be a very
different picture if the Fed can kind of
look through that as they're currently
doing because inflation is still above
target yet the Fed are talking about
rate cuts. If the Fed looks through that
then I think the equity backdrop could
be pretty benign. But if you get then
the 22 style reaction function where the
Fed suddenly clock then actually this is
getting out of control more aggressively
and you do see more aggressive Fed uh
posture potentially even them turning to
hikes in 26 27 then I think that would
induce a more negative reaction risk
assets particularly in the equity market
because a common theme if you look at
the big sell-offs of recent years 2022
2018 even 201516 is it's actually coming
when the Fed is pivoting in a hawkish
direction. So if inflation gets to a
point, particularly if it gets into the
mid-3s falls where the Fed can't ignore
it, then I think that's the pain trade
for this equity rally.
>> This could get messy. Henry, appreciate
it. Thank you, sir. Lots to think about
there. Henry Allen there of Deutsche
Bank looking at gold. Gold up for a
third consecutive session. Gold up this
year by more than 40%. And
>> a lot of it does come on this question
of what is the alternative to the fiat
currency of choice for the past uh three
decades, four decades, five decades,
which has been the dollar. There is a
real question here about that paradox,
how it's going to be resolved or whether
it can just coexist with this idea of
the risk rally, this excitement for the
US while at the same time seeing gold uh
rally and dollar depreciate
>> and stocks continuing to rally too.
Alltime highs coming into Tuesday,
futures up by 0.2%. With an update on
stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief, here's Yahara Arnand. Hey,
Yahara.
>> Good morning, John. President Trump's
economic adviser, Steven Myron, is
joining the Federal Reserve Board after
the Senate confirmed him last night.
Lawmakers voted largely along party
lines to approve Myron's nomination,
setting him up to join the Fed's two-day
policy meeting starting today.
Meanwhile, a US appeals court has
blocked President Trump for removing Fed
Governor Lisa Cook from her post for
now. The 2:1 ruling came just hours
before the start of the Fed's meeting.
And while the decision makes it more
likely Cook will attend, President Trump
could still ask the Supreme Court to
step in. And the president has filed a
$15 billion defamation and liel lawsuit
against the New York Times. Trump is
accusing the paper of serving as a quote
mouthpiece for Democrats. The lawsuit
criticizes the Times endorsement of
former presidential candidate Kla Harris
and cites the papers news and opinion
articles. That's me brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Mafihara in about 30
minutes time. Up next on the program,
Steven Myron gets on the board.
>> I will act independently as the Federal
Reserve always does based on my own
personal analysis of economic data. I
plan to dutifully carry out my role
pursuant to the mandates assigned by
Congress. Independence of monetary
policy is a critical element for its
success.
>> Up next, the latest from Washington with
Brian Gardner of Stifel live from New
York City this morning. Good morning.
[Music]
Later on this morning, the two-day FOMC
meeting begins. The Federal Reserve gets
together and before that happens at 8:30
Eastern time, the last significant data
point before the Fed gets around the
table, US retail sales just around the
corner. Brammo a few hours away.
>> And this to me is important. How much do
consumers keep spending? Can we just
keep dismissing the negative sentiment
in the sentiment surveys because they
never seem to be confirmed by what
people actually do, just simply what
they say.
>> Equities keep underweight in that story,
that's for sure. Positive again this
morning by 0.2%.
under surveillance this morning. Steven
Myron gets on the board.
>> I will act independently as the Federal
Reserve always does based on my own
personal analysis of economic data. I
plan to dutifully carry out my role
pursuant to the mandates assigned by
Congress. Independence of monetary
policy is a critical element for its
success. The Bureau of Labor Statistics
data uh on various measures that
deteriorated steadily in quality over
time. I do think it is time for a a a
wholesome examination of the process of
the regulatory process to sort of think
about where we want it to be going
forward.
>> So here's the latest this morning. The
Senate narrowly confirming Steven Myron
to the Federal Reserve, setting him up
to participate in a key policy meeting
that starts later on this morning.
Limber's Tyler Kendall has the latest.
Morning Tyler.
>> Hey John, good morning. So this caps off
what's really considered to be an
unusually fast process by Washington
standards. We know from a strategic
standpoint that Steven Myron was chosen
in part because he had already been
through the Senate confirmation process
once for his role leading the Council of
Economic Adviserss and perhaps that
helped to speed things along. Worth it.
On that note to mention that Myron
intends to take an unpaid leave of
absence from that position instead of
resigning it altogether, which raises
questions about perhaps the longer term
impacts of Myron's confirmation since
this post is temporary and only goes
until January. But I'll point out that
President Trump has previously floated
that Myron could be up to replace Fed
Governor Lisa Cook if the administration
is successful in ousting her. though
they did face a setback last night and
it really felt like we were on a
collision course for a moment there
because within a matter of five minutes
the Senate had confirmed Steven Myron
and an appeals court based here in DC
had ruled in favor of Lisa Cook saying
that the president cannot oust her while
the broader legal questioning of her
firing plays out in court. It was a two
to one decision here by this appeals
court which ruled that President Trump
very likely violated Lisa Cook's rights
to due process by posting her
termination in a post on Truth Social.
Importantly though, the majority opinion
here did not weigh into the question on
whether or not President Trump had
sufficient cause to fire Cook in the
first place. And we're expecting that
question to really come to the forefront
when the Trump administration very
likely appeals this to the Supreme
Court. John, at this point that could
really happen at any moment. We're
expecting that emergency appeal to go
straight to the US Chief Justice John
Roberts because he oversees the DC
circuit.
>> That story is not going away anytime
soon. Tyler Kendall with the latest in
the nation's capital to extend that
conversation. Brian Gardner of Steve
joins us now for more. Brian, welcome to
the show. Can you share with us how you
think Steven Marin will approach this
meeting that starts later on today?
>> Well, I guess it's interesting because
you have the the economic projections
coming out. So, he's going to have a uh
a say in what the dot plots look like.
Um you know, you know, being a Trump
nominee, I think he's even though he's
softspoken, I think he's going to be a
little more outspoken uh in his views.
Um it'll be interesting to see if he
gives a statement, issues a statement
afterwards, especially if it's a 25
basis point cut versus a 50 basis point
cut. You know, Trump was talking about
big yesterday. What if it's just 25? Um,
does Steven Meyer then give a disscent
and uh and view uh give it voice his
views of of why it should have been 25?
So I I think that's what a lot of
people, myself included, are looking for
>> and he might get some company on the
FOMC if he did something of that nature.
What's more interesting to you? How
Steven Myron votes and what his views
are or how other people on the FOMC
governor board of governors responds to
him?
much more interesting how what
Christopher Waller does and says um
because Waller's name has been floated
for the J Pal job as chairman. Um and
look, Waller has talked about an
insurance cut. Um and I think most
people uh interpret insurance as a 25
basis point cut. Cut a little bit now.
Wait and see. Take your time. See how it
all evolves. Um 25, excuse me, 50 would
be much more aggressive. if somebody
comes in to on on Waller's flank and
says, "No, we should have done 50." How
does Waller react to that? Um, how does
that play in the White House? So, I
think the intrigue of Waller's decision
within the context of the broader FOMC
move is the most interesting part of
this meeting.
>> I'm also interested in how the market
responds to this and how we interpret
the market moves. So far, market has
pretty high expectations for a dovish
tilt and an ongoing rate cutting cycle.
We were just speaking with Henry Allen
of Deutsche Bank and he said that he
thinks that the dollar weakness is
largely hinged to this question around
Fed independence. Do you think that
that's the common view among the clients
you speak to?
>> Not yet. I think that's a conversation
that that I'm going to be having with
clients more down the road. Um for now,
independence really just comes up uh
very casually. I think the the the the
issue of independence really plays out
longer term if inflation uh you know
remains sticky where it is or firms up
even more becomes even more of a problem
and the Fed is forced to pivot later
away from a dovish stance back to a
hawkish stance. What does a new chairman
do? This is not a J pal question. This
is a this is a question for J Pal's
successor. So that's when I think the
the intense questions um and worries
about Fed independence kind of um
manifest themselves in the market for
now. Um those those conversations I've
had with with clients and colleagues are
are still relatively muted.
>> Brian, is that because they're
struggling to understand what 2026
actually looks like? My focus is going
to shift there almost immediately when
we get the dot plot. Of course, the
immediate conversation is going to be is
it two rate cuts for 2025 or is it three
rate cuts? and then all of a sudden it's
26. And the question I'm asking myself
is, is the guidance from Chairman Pal
about 2026 worth anything when in the
next few months we're going to find out
who the next Fed chair is actually going
to be? So, Brian, I'd ask you the
question. A client's not talking about
it because they just don't know what to
do with 26.
>> Yeah, I I I think that's a great point,
Jonathan. I I think people are are
looking past PAL to to an extent, but we
don't know what that is yet. We may get
some clarity in the coming weeks. Uh,
you know, there there have been stories
about the Treasury Secretary
interviewing uh potential replacements.
Um, we may get an announcement on a
nomination earlier than usual. Uh, PAL's
on the job into May of of 20 of 2026.
Maybe we get a nomination announcement
at the end of this year, early January.
For now, I think we're in a holding
pattern. You know, everybody trying to
figure out, okay, who's after JPAL? What
does that person look like? How
independent can that person be from the
administration? And you know to to
Myron's comments at his Senate
confirmation hearing, how you know
backing up Fed independence, you know,
reaffirming Fed independence. How much
does that does the new chairman uh lean
into that message of Fed independence
and then act on it later? Because as we
all know, you know, rhetoric is one
thing. Um but the markets are going to
have to see action uh you know by the
new chairman when when he or she takes
uh takes office.
>> Brian, when you zoom out to try to
understand the context that some of
these uh Fed pressures are coming in and
what the president's ultimate goal is,
do you have a framework of understanding
what the urgency was to get Lisa Cook
off the board of governors before this
meeting? Why that has been such a
pressing concern and might even continue
to be a fight ahead of tomorrow.
I think a lot of it is political leaning
into 2026. Jonathan just asking about,
you know, investors thinking about 2026.
Well, let me offer, you know, kind of a
a different context for that of 2026 is
the midterm elections. I mean, I I I I
am surprised uh at the level of
intensity that the White House is
leaning into the 2026 midterm elections.
Not that any administration takes them
lightly. They don't. Um but between the
redistricting battles that are going on
in the states and I and trying to make
sure that the economy is on track uh and
strong going into the midterm elections.
Um I I think those kind of play handin
glove. So I I I think that is part of
the calculus here.
>> Brian, it's such a good point and a good
point to leave the conversation on.
Thank you, sir. Brian Garter there of
Steve on the politics at the moment.
David Kelly of JP Morgan Asset
Management writing this. To the extent
that the Fed's decision this week is
seen as a capitulation to political
pressure, a new layer of risk is being
added to US financial markets and the
dollar. Will it be seen as political
capitulation?
>> That's the reason why people are
watching the dollar. Ultimately, if the
Fed has a dovish tilt, does that end up
weakening the dollar further even as it
juices risk assets? I was looking at
some studies uh put out there over the
past couple of days from Deutsche Bank
showing that the proportion of hedged
equity exposure hedged to the dollar has
become the greatest in decades. So this
is where we're at right now.
>> Dollar weakness again this morning. Euro
dollar 118. Coming up next, Ellias Galoo
of Bank of America Securities on record
valuation fears on Wall Street. Plus,
Danny has your morning movers. Oracle
rising on the odds of a deal with Tik
Tok. That stock is up by 4.6% 6% from
New York City. You're watching Bloom TV.
[Music]
Reclaiming record highs to start the
trading week. Equity futures up again by
0.2% on the S&P. On the S&P 500, a fifth
day of gains in six. on the NASDAQ 100.
Nine consecutive days of gains on the
NASDAQ 100. The longest going back to
November 2023. There's a lift to this
equity market once again. In the bond
market, 2-year, 10year, and 30-year bond
yields pulled lower in yesterday's
session. Down again this morning by
almost the basis point 35283
going into the Fed's 2-day meeting. That
starts later on this morning with some
dollar pressure, dollar weakness. Check
out Euro Dollar this morning. 118 118.
Haven't spent much time above 118
through 2025 so far. Haven't done that
since the summer. This from kit jukes of
stockgen this morning. I reckon the
market is less long euros than I feared.
The chances of a move to 120 this month
have improved
>> and frankly that's been the trajectory
so far. It's interesting that the shift
toward betting on some sort of questions
around Fed dominance have shifted away
from betting against the long bond which
has been actually one of the biggest
points of rallies and actually shifted
to more the dollar. And that has been
where it has stayed. And this sort of is
this bet that is a consensus but keeps
on climbing. How long before ECB
officials come out and just say enough
of that let's
>> 120 120 that's what we heard right
didn't centenno centennio of Portugal
exactly back then yeah and then you know
here we are
>> back at those levels again 11814 on euro
dollar this morning 3 hours away from
the opening bless some single names some
morning movers Oracle in focus Danny has
more Danny
>> yeah another good day for Larry Ellis
and at least that's how it's shaping up
yesterday Oracle got a boost over the
news that an agreement was inching
forward for tick tock between the US and
China. Of course, Oracle had been in
that original group of biders. There's a
CBS news report overnight also saying
that this time around Oracle is active
in the talks for some sort of deal that
would help Tik Tok continue to operate
in the US. It didn't talk about
structure. That wasn't reported on, but
still shares are up 4 and a3%.
Elsewhere, New York Times falling this
morning with Trump overnight posting on
Truth Social that he would be seeking a
$15 billion defamation suit against the
paper, accusing them of being what he
called a mouthpiece for the Democratic
party, citing their endorsement of Kala
Harris. That $15 billion defamation
lawsuit, by the way, is more than their
market cap is. So, those shares falling
1%. Finally, a double upgrade by Goldman
Sachs to the chocolate maker Hershey's.
Those shares up 2.4%. 4%. The analysts
over there citing a couple things. For
one, saying higher prices, tariffs,
those are all well understood and baked
into the share price now. But they say
they have iconic brands, so they have
pricing power. Separately, an industry
magazine said that Hershey's has started
to raise prices for things like KitKats,
Reesei bars, Payday. So, uh, get ready
to pay up for your chocolate, John.
>> Danny, appreciate the update. Danny,
thank you. More from Danny in the next
hour. What did you want to add on that
story?
>> Chocolate.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> You got something to say about Hershey's
chocolate. I just I wonder how much
they're just producing the actual volume
of
>> co 60 to 70% kind of person. We keep
going back to the story, don't we?
>> I mean, have you met me? Of course.
>> It's not 60. It's not real.
>> Yeah, totally. But also, you just don't
want it to be like two, you know, and
that's sort of what also has been
happening. All right. This is not
>> The other thing I wanted to say about
Oracle is I feel like every day is a
good day for Larry Ellison.
>> I was going to say the same thing. It's
every day is a good day for Larry
Ellison and Hershey's doesn't have a lot
of time.
>> He's on a boat somewhere and he's
feeling good. I have no doubt about
that. Every time I hear his name,
>> he probably is sailing cuz he's a
sailing competitor or on one of his
islands cuz he owns Hawaii, you know,
things like that.
>> Basically, Lai, right, I think. Yeah,
>> looks beautiful.
>> Been there before. Beautiful island.
Yeah,
>> you were his personal guest.
>> I was not. No, I was not. There are a
couple of hotels there that the average
person can frequent if they wish.
>> Yeah, for a cost.
>> Good to know. Yeah, for a cost.
>> It's another time for another story. All
right. On our radar this morning, the
Fed's dual drama. The Senate confirming
President Donald Trump's economic
adviser Steven Merren into the FMC.
Meanwhile, Fed Governor Lisa Kirk will
keep her post after a lastminute court
decision. Elsewhere, US and Chinese
officials reaching a deal to keep Tik
Tok running in the United States. A
framework suggesting the app will switch
to US controlled ownership. President
Trump and China Xi Jinping will confirm
the deal on Friday. And finally, what a
story. In the last 24 hours, the SEC
prioritizing a proposal from President
Trump to reduce corporate earnings
reports Trump posting on Truth Social,
companies should report on a six-month
basis to save money and emphasize
long-term planning.
>> Yeah. And this is something he proposed
the first time around when he was
president uh back about eight years ago,
nine years ago. There's a real question
here about whether the SEC will go
through with this. Okay, I'm biased.
Yesterday, I came out. My knee-jerk
reaction was to say this is bad. Less
transparency is bad. I'm a journalist.
want to dig through the details. I
started looking and actually in Europe
as you know uh companies most companies
are only required to report about six
months every six months but most of them
report every quarter because that is the
investor demand on the flip side some
companies say look the amount of energy
and money we have to spend going into
these reports is ownorous and we could
invest in other technologies and more
long-term goals so I'm sensitive to that
but I'm also realistic to the idea that
even if you remove that requirement a
lot of these companies will still do
that just like they do in Europe
>> I'd be very interested to who traded a
better premium just from a valuation
perspective based on the amount of
clarity and transparency they offer on a
quarterly basis or a six-month basis.
That would be my test for all of this.
>> I wonder if it's the banks more just not
because people think that they're hiding
something, but because of how much more
ownorous it is for them to go through
and report every single line item in a
way that doesn't subject them to some
sort of oversight. Adena Freriedman of
NASDAQ came out and actually wrote this
post and talking about how important it
is to reduce some of the regulatory
requirements given how much companies
have moved to the private markets,
right? How much is that the backdrop for
some of this push?
>> You know what I'd like to see the banks
do anyway, which is report after the
close instead of doing that mental dump
in the morning where all of them report
at the same time.
>> Not biased, not self- serving in any
way.
>> Reads the earnings reports probably
until later in the day.
>> No one No one reads until later in the
day. Well, I'm sat here, you know, it's
difficult to read all the reports.
>> I understand. Do you want to talk about
more? I know it's been difficult.
>> I just prefer it when the tech earnings
come out after the close. You have some
time to go through things. You listen to
the calls. Everything's just a little
bit more relaxed instead of the mad rush
before the up and belt.
>> I think a lot of people are relating to
right now.
>> Hopefully, it's not just me. It's not
just you. Maybe it is just me.
>> No, I think it's the whole idea of like
into markets versus aftermarkets. And
yeah, I don't think that that's what the
>> It might be just me. In which case,
okay, let's enter markets. Valuation
fears rising on Wall Street. Bank of
America's global fund manager survey
saying a record 58% see global equity
markets as overvalued. Alias Galoo, the
senior investment strategist at Bank of
America Securities joins us now for
more. Ellis, what an interesting moment
and welcome to the program. Picked out
two bullet points from your survey this
morning when it was released. We've got
this equity allocation that's the
highest in several months and at the
same time you've got these valuation
fears dominating too. Alas, how do you
think we're going to reconcile those two
things?
>> John, I think, you know, it's one of the
great point from the global fund manager
survey. Uh, on the one hand, investors
see global stocks as the most overvalued
on record, but that was already the case
last month when uh you and I uh when you
and I met uh and at the same time they
they increase their exposure to global
equities to the highest since uh since
February. Um in fact you know valuations
matter is the one factor that matters
most over the the long term but in the
short term investors focus on the cycle
and this is a cycle that's that's
dominated by strong macro forces which
are you know uh huge um monetary easing.
There have been 95 rate cuts here to
date and from tomorrow the most
important central bank in the world will
join the rate uh cutting uh party and on
the other hand there is a a micro force
like like no other. I'm talking of
course about AI um and investors
infamous investors are very bullish
about AI. They think this is a
deflationary force. They think this is a
a force that is already lifting
productivity growth and that is why they
continue to buy the stock market and to
buy the very expensive tech sector
despite sky-high valuations.
>> Alas, they are bullish on AI, bullish on
the equity market. How bullish are they
on growth? I understand everyone's long
rate cuts at the moment, but is that
leading to an improvement in the
outlook?
Look, amongst the huge convictions from
FMS investors there, the one that the
Fed will be cutting and global central
banks will deliver further rate cuts is
maybe the most conspicuous, right? We
have an uh a share that is greater than
80% of FMS investors who expect
short-term rates to be to be lower. You
mentioned the the dichotomy between
sky-high valuation on one hand and uh an
increase in equity exposure. The other
dichotomy in the FMS is the fact that
everyone expects rate cuts. Uh a net
majority uh see at least four rate cuts
from the Fed in the next 12 months. And
on the other hand, investors are
actually very highly concerns about
inflation. You know the uh um and and
consequently the expectations that bond
yields will rise in the next 12 months
is the highest since August 2022 when
inflation was a few points higher. Um so
I do believe that this this view that
the global economy is heading into a
global soft lending is at the heart of
global investors stock optimism but
ultimately they think the global economy
will weaken. Uh but inflation as well is
going to stay elevated altogether. The
soft lending conviction is the one that
explains why investors optimism in terms
of stock exposure is why sick.
>> Elas I want to stay on that for a
minute. You said that the number one
tail risk right now is inflation exactly
because of what you just put out there.
We're seeing inflation above 2%. We're
seeing inflation above 2 and a half%.
What will it take for this to manif to
manifest itself in the psyches of
investors?
Look, I do believe that the conviction
that yes, inflation is here to stay
above target, but AI, which is again
dominant micro force that is driving
investors bullishness, will be able to
lift productivity growth over the long
term, help um profits growth and help
margin is what is also holding um
investors optimism in an environment
where inflation is uh is above target.
is the fact that the hyperscalers are
able are able to increase capex, right?
In an environment where inflation is is
high, usually investors would be a
little bit worried about corporates
increasing capex at the extents
hyperscaler are doing. And yet in this
survey we find out that um you know the
the the CIOS the typical fund managers
participant is asking CFOs to focus on
capex more than anything else. it that
AI the conviction that AI is the
dominant macro force is why at the end
of the day investors are bullish and
they think inflation is not is yes it is
a concern but is not detrimental to uh
to stocks
>> and it fits this puzzle this idea of how
you can have ongoing growth without
commensurate inflation and maybe a
pretty tepid rate of hiring I am curious
about your view on the dollar because
we've been talking a lot about the
weakening trend that we've seen over the
past number of months you said that the
fourth quarter pain trade seems to be a
stronger dollar. Just how overweight are
investors this idea of a weakening
dollar right now?
>> Look, if you look at the fund manager
survey in itself, investors say that
they are underway the dollar. We hit
peak dollar bearishness in June. Since
then, it stabilized around that that
level. But when you look also at the
hard positioning data, the flows data,
to us, it feels that investors are
emotionally bearish on the dollar rather
than physically bearish. If you look at
the flows data, the picture that we saw
over the summer is quite mesmerizing
because we in fact we didn't see any net
new inflows to US equity funds. But at
the same time in August, we actually saw
the biggest monthly inflow to US bond
funds driven by near record pace of
inflows into US IG funds. So if
investors were truly bearish, physically
bearish on the dollar, they would they
would not be buying um US bonds at at a
record pace. So we think it's really a
matter of hedging. Investors want to
hedge against a weaker dollar but they
are not ready to sell their beloved US
uh US US assets. And we think that US
dollar bare market or the debasement of
the US dollar is to us the cleanest
investment theme into 2026. The price of
gold, the price of cryptos signal that
uh the dollar will weaken further.
>> Ellias, before you go, I just want to
squeeze this in. You're sitting in
London. The president's going to join
you in the next 24 hours or so. He'll
arrive in the UK as well. You've got
these contrarian long trades in here.
Bonds being one. The other UK equities.
Alas, why does that jump on the page to
you?
>> Look, this is why I'm I'm in London
today, you know, just to be an advocate
of of UK equities, you know, and a very
unloved asset. Um you know what what
struck me in the fund manager survey is
that investors were already underweight
uh UK stocks but what happened in
September is that they decreased their
allocation to US to UK equities by the
most since 2004 matching the biggest
drop on record. So if investors truly
believe that the economy will be heading
into a soft lending that bond yields
will remain anchor and won't we won't
see a big breakout of of uh global
government bond yields. I think there is
one asset that is very cheap, very much
under own and in which you can get a big
bang for your buck. It's UK equities.
>> Interesting. The pessimism there just
amazing. Alas, I appreciate your time.
Thank you, sir. Alas Galude there of
Bank of America securities on the latest
fund manager survey. I love reading
through this just capturing putting some
numbers on where we've been. Investors
cut EM and EU equity longs that covered
US shorts and added to longs in tech.
Surprise, surprise, the biggest cut of
large over small cap longs since
December 23 speaks to the move we've
seen in the Russell over the last month.
>> Yeah. The idea that people are betting
on the cyclical part to really
outperform. What I found interesting was
IAS also went on to say that people keep
piling into tech even though they view
it as the most overvalued sector which
sort of speaks to this AI bullishness.
And the reason why people are saying
let's look at Asia, let's look at other
places to get exposure to this story
because we believe in the story, but
we're just a little worried about
valuations.
>> The NASDAQ move continues this morning
up another 0.3%. With an update on
stories worldwide with the latest,
here's your Bloomberg brief with Yihara.
Hey yhara.
>> Hi John. Secretary of State Marco Rubio
is in Qatar today. It comes just a week
after an Israeli missile strike on its
capital targeted Hamas officials in a
residential area. Earlier this week,
Rubio met with the Israel's Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as Israel
intensified strikes on Gaza City
overnight. Rubio also warned Hamas
there's a very short window for
negotiations to end the war. Meanwhile,
prosecutors in Utah are expected to file
capital murder charges against Charlie
Kirk's alleged assassin. 22-year-old
Tyler Robinson will make his first court
appearance today. Investigators have
used DNA evidence to link Robinson to
the murder, including a screwdriver
recovered from the rooftop where the
fatal shot was fired. And Alphabet's
Google said it will invest $6.8 billion
over 2 years in the UK to boost AI
development. The tech giant disclosed
the plan just as President Trump is set
to head to London today. OpenAI and
Nvidia are expected to pledge
investments in UK data centers worth
billions of dollars during Trump's
visit. Dr. Green John
>> Yhara, thank you. I've just got one
question. Where's the energy coming
from? We could spend some time on that
story in about 45 minutes time. I think
you've got more to say on Hershey's. Is
that right?
>> Well, okay. So, some people were saying
why you hate Hershey's so much.
>> Sure.
>> The amount of cocoa content is 11% just
above the 10% legally required to be
considered chocolate in their average.
That's the threshold. I didn't know
that. I didn't know that either. So 10%.
So once you get to 9%, what do you call
it?
>> Barely chocolate is basically what
you're calling it.
>> Chocolate infused.
>> Almost chocolate. Something like that.
>> I'm just saying I like actual chocolate.
>> There you go. Okay. You done now?
>> I hope so.
>> All right. Good. Okay. Up next on the
program making a deal for Tik Tok.
>> You had the framework agreed to with Tik
Tok. Will China continue to have a stake
in the company or
>> Well, we haven't decided that, but it
looks to me and I'm speaking to
President Xi on Friday for confirmation
of that. It's important and it can maybe
even bring us closer to China.
>> That conversation up next with Angela
Zeno of CF from New York City. You're
watching Bloomberg TV.
[Music]
Record highs coming into Tuesday.
Equities up again by 0.2% on the S&P
500. Up by a third on the Nasdaq. The
run on the Nasdaq continues. 9 days
could become day 10. Under Savant this
morning making a deal for Tik Tok. you
had the framework agreed to with Tik
Tok. Will China continue to have a stake
in the company or
>> Well, we haven't decided that, but it
looks to me and I'm speaking to
President Xi on Friday for confirmation
of that and you know, frankly, more
importantly, a big deal. It's important
and it can maybe even bring us closer to
China. I was surprised. I didn't expect
it to that extent.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. US
and Chinese officials agreeing on a
framework to keep Tik Tok running in the
United States. Angela Zenino, senior
equity analyst, the CFR, speculating
Larry Ellison and Oracle are likely to
be involved in the new agreement. Oracle
host Tik Tok user data and Trump has
voiced support of Ellison in the past.
Angela joins us now for more. Angela,
welcome back. It's almost 5 years to the
day I think that we were talking about a
tie up between Oracle and Walmart to
address this issue and here we are 5
years later still trying to work it out.
We're going to go into the realm of
speculation, so forgive me. What do you
think the ultimate endgame is going to
look like for this company?
>> Yeah, so thanks for having me, John. I
think the, you know, the ultimate
endgame here is, um, you know, a
situation where, um, and and we still
obviously don't know here, but you're
you're going to have basically an
algorithm that's going to have to get,
you know, sold to um, you know, set off
to a US company that the there's going
to be basically a duplicated
recommendation algorithm that kind of
gets um, you know, powers a new, let's
call it app out there and it's going to
be owned, we think, um, by Oracle and a
consortium of investors out there. And
um when you kind of think about all this
um you know it's it it's it's a tough
situation because um you know exactly
how this all looks um remains to be seen
but you know our view is um it it's one
where um you know just given the
conversations we've seen and um where
Oracle kind of sits here in terms of
hosting the data and what have you um
they really do have to play a role in
all this And um that's how we're kind of
looking at it right now, but you know
there's still you clearly a ton of
moving parts and unknowns uh with all
this.
>> Does Tik Tok remain in the same position
or is there some sort of change in the
competitive landscape for social media
on the back on the on the back heels of
this?
>> Yeah, I mean and that's a great
question. So we do think you know when
you kind of look at the market reaction
yesterday, right? I mean most of these
stocks actually within the social media
space actually uh rose and not surprised
by that. I mean I I think for the most
part the the overall um you know I think
the market's already priced in the fact
that hey listen Tik Tok was going to
remain here in the US. I think you know
ultimately what you do here see here if
it is owned by you know Oracle and a
consortium of investors out there is um
you know I think near I think it becomes
a little bit of a mess in the in the
sense of execution. you're going to have
to see essentially all the 170 million
plus users out there kind of roll into
potentially a new app. Um you're also
going to have to see um this new kind of
entity operate without you know likely
the help of Bite Dance and um you know
their expertise on that side of things
and what they've accomplished here over
the last several years with Tik Tok. So
in some sense, you know, whoever's
acquiring these Tik Tok assets um
benefits from the the potential
monetization that um that Tik Tok offers
here on the ad spending side of things.
You know, clearly engagement is
extremely high. Um who they cater to in
terms of the younger audience um very
attractive in nature. But when you start
thinking about, you know, execution,
some of the hiccups that we could see um
along the the lines here um from a new
entity, we do think one, three, five
years down the the down the road. Um
there's a lot of uncertainties and
potential messiness and because of that
um I think that was a big reason also
why you know the meta alphabets of the
world also saw a positive reaction on
the news yesterday. And this might be
too much of a reach to ask, Angelo, but
do you have a sense of what any kind of
Tik Tok deal could mean for US tech
companies in China, their presence
there, whether there's any crossover?
You know, I I think when you kind of
look at some of the the noise that had
come out over the weekend as well in
terms of um you know, some of the you
know, the back and forth with um you
know, the both what US had implemented
as well as what um you know, some of the
the the greater kind of scrutiny that we
saw from the from China themselves. I I
think they're you know, clearly both
trying to put themselves in pole
position in terms of the greater
dialogue here. I think what um China
really wants in on the technology side
of things is really um greater access um
to um you know potentially Nvidia's more
advanced chips likely Blackwell as well
as high bandwidth memory which is
something you know they they don't have
access to at this point in time either.
So um that's really what we think kind
of um China wants from the US in terms
of this back and forth dialogue here
over the next couple of weeks and
months. We'll see whether or not and to
what extent they get some of that. Um,
but that's where I would think kind of
the focus for China is at the moment.
>> Angelo, final question. You said Oracle
and a group of investors. You didn't say
the White House. Does the US government
get a piece of this?
>> Yeah, I mean I I would suspect that they
would. I mean at this point in time
right you look over the last couple
weeks and months it seems like the US is
playing a bigger role in all this uh in
terms of um taking a a piece of um you
know some of the assets in in some of
these um you know uh companies. So yeah
I I would suspect that the US government
probably uh wants a piece of this and I
would suspect that they do get it.
>> Interesting. Angelo Zeno a CFR. Angelo,
thank you sir. That raises a lot of
questions about a competitive landscape
for other companies. Remember Meta Mark
Zuckerberg's seat at the table next to
the president in that recent dinner?
Just how favorable their treatment might
actually be if the government's got a
stake in their main competitor.
>> I mean, it raises a lot of questions.
What does that stake look like? This
already has been raised with social
media companies owned by members of the
administration themselves. So, uh, just
the questions will continue.
>> Lot of questions on this one. Up next on
the program, Paul Quincy of JP Morgan,
Monica Aguero of Morgan Stanley, the
former White House trade adviser,
Kellyanne Shaw, and Ian Lingan of Beimo.
The second hour of Bloomberg
surveillance up next.
[Music]
>> I'm not fleeing US equities at all.
>> Stock market just wants to look past the
weakness in the data. It's a more
uncertain environment than what we would
prefer.
>> I would just from a fundamental
perspective still prefer the US over
Europe.
>> The market's going to trade off the
narrative that we have a dovish Fed.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the second hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now,
and your scores look like this. A 9-day
run of gains on the NASDAQ 100. That run
continues this morning up by a third of
1% alltime highs. Record highs on the
S&P up another 0.2% in yesterday's
session to start the trading week. Bond
yields pulled lower down again this
morning at the front end of the curve.
Your 2-year bond yield down a basis
point 35262.
Going into this data right here. It's
about 90 minutes away. Retail sales in
focus before the Fed meeting begins.
This to me is really a question not only
whether consumers have kept spending in
the face of a lot of uncertainty and bad
feelings that they represent in certain
surveys out of these places in the
Midwest, but also how the market
responds to that, right? If people are
just ratcheting back spending a little
bit, does the market treat that as a
good thing because that means the Fed
can keep cutting rates and that can
really foster this optimism that we're
seeing in equities or are people
starting to get seriously worried about
a turn in the cycle? Right now, weak
data has translated into Fed cuts. It
has not translated into expectations for
a softer economic trajectory.
>> This has been a theme on this program
through August into September. This
market appears to be overweighting the
rate cuts and underweing the reasons for
them. Does bad news ultimately become
bad news? Is that story reverse?
>> Yeah. And how much of this really hinges
on the story that AI is going to
magically improve uh growth, improve
productivity without causing some sort
of inflationary spiral that leaves
consumers feeling even worse when they
go to the store and have to buy eggs and
Hershey's chocolate. This to me is a
real question going forward. And
ultimately, people are banking on AI all
in hyperleveraging it to in every facet
of the economy. And we're all along for
the ride.
>> Record highs again this morning. Just
how hot is the Federal Reserve willing
to run this market? Pretty hot right now
based on the forecast. we're looking for
from the Federal Reserve tomorrow
afternoon. Equity futures on the S&P 500
positive here by 0.2%. A lift again to
stocks this morning. Coming up this
hour, we'll catch up with Paul Quincy of
JP Morgan with stocks delivering another
record high. Monica Aguero of Morgan
Stanley with a new Fed Governor joining
the board and another keeping her seat.
Plus, the former White House trade
adviser Kelly Shaw as trade talks lead
to a Trumpy call. We begin this hour
with stocks hitting another all-time
high as investors eye a Fed rate cut.
Paul Quincy of JP Morgan writing,
"Markets have recovered to new record
highs if policy risk come back into
focus. Equity valuations are now
elevated and markets will struggle."
Paul joins us now for more. Paul, good
morning.
>> Good morning.
>> It's good to see you. Let's just go
through where things are at right now.
Earnings good, jobs data not good. Is
one much more important than the other?
>> Yes, it's always about the earnings and
that's how we got here, right? I
remember being back on uh Bloomberg in
in the middle of April. We were about
1,200 S&P points below where we are now.
The market was moving 5% a day. It felt
like a crazy time. In the end, yet
again, the optimists have triumphed,
right? And and the reason the optimists
have triumphed is earnings. So, we just
had, of course, second quarter earnings.
We're done with that now. They were
terrific. Of course, AI was the shining
star, but really across the market,
there were plenty of companies who are
beating expectations, and it's really
that that's been underwriting this, you
know, this incredible recovery that
we've seen.
>> To your point, Paul, earnings have
stepped up, but payroll growth has
stepped down. Are there limits to how
far that story could diverge? Well,
>> of course, the big driver of earnings,
we have to be realistic, is the AI
investment boom, right? That is what's
got everyone's attention. And whilst the
earnings are good overall, that has been
the kind of central piece. That's been
the biggest driving force in the second
quarter earnings. And this year, the so
the famous Magnificent 7 are going to do
mid20s earnings growth. Everything else
four, we're still waiting a little bit
for that broadening out of profits to
come. We think it will come. We think it
comes into next year. We think next
year, by the way, is better for earnings
overall than this year as we see it
right now. And we think the gap between
the 493 and the seven, you probably
narrow as we get into next year. But
without question, the best part of is
coming from those mega cap tech stocks.
>> You have seen though this broadening out
to that point and you see that
continuing early next year. What makes
you confident about that given that
there have been a number of studies say
from MIT that have pointed to a lack of
monetization by some of the smaller
companies that have been spending quite
a bit on this new technology.
>> Yeah, look, it's early days, right?
There's still I think we have to be
humble about AI and recognize there's
still a tremendous amount we don't know.
We lean optimistic. We think these big
investments that are being made, these
gargantuan investments are going to have
a positive impact and they're big enough
that they're impacting a whole bunch of
companies outside the usual suspects. So
you think about the whole value creation
chain, right? From the electricity
generation, transmission, the data
center construction, the cooling, the
memory, all the things that go into that
and then of course the downstream
adoption too. So I think you're going to
see plenty of positive news coming from
all of that and that alone is going to
be enough to help you know help the
market market broaden out. How much does
this market need the rate need the rate
cuts that a lot of people have priced in
in order to keep going? How much do we
need to see 150 basis point of rate cuts
or more by the end of next year? So
look, riskreward, again, I keep thinking
back to April. Risk award looks very
different now, right? It's great. Stocks
have gone up, but we're now 24 times
forward earnings for the S&P. That's one
of the highest numbers we've seen within
the market. You got the memes and themes
running hard. People are feeling pretty
good about about life, right? So, I
think it's really important to stay
active, recognize the opportunity set
changes, and also think about where
returns can come from in the rest of the
world, too. So, we've been spending a
lot of time talking to clients recently
about emerging markets. Uh, a New York
private banker said to me last week that
his clients had somewhere between
nothing and 0% allocated to emerging
markets. And you if you think about the
last 5 years, that's not been wrong.
You've had around what 6 7% returns.
That's less than half what you've got
from the S&P. But on a forward-looking
basis, we think that's going to be much
different. And that's really starting to
change as we go through this year, too.
>> Well, tell us why you think that might
change. What's behind that? So we put
out something about three months ago.
Five reasons to like emerging markets,
right? Number one, we seem to be we're
not really macro people in equities, but
we're in a weaker dollar environment.
That's usually positive. You know,
secondly, the hit from tariffs we think
is is is a little bit overstated. So for
example, in China, 80% of the revenues
of of the companies in the Chinese stock
market come from China. In India, it's
pretty close. That's number two. Number
three, China seems to be through the
worst. Things are not great, but at the
margin, they're getting better. Four,
India's growing strongly and five
probably the best one for us as stock
pickers. Don't forget there's a ton of
technology stocks in emerging markets
too. So about 20% of the earnings from
the emerging market index come from
technology and you can buy those
companies at much much lower ratings
than you pay in the US and they're
joining in this AI boom too.
>> Am I just buying Chinese tech? Isn't
that just a different rapper for the
same thing?
>> There's a lot more in emerging markets
than that. There's 28 different
countries. There's over a thousand
companies. There's a lot more you can
invest in than Chinese tech, although
we'll find some opportunities there as
well.
>> And Bank of America was talking about
investing in Chinese tech as well and
other emerging markets. But isn't that
out of the fire into the frying pan or
out of the frying pan into the fire? I
get every single expression wrong. Uh
going forward, just because ultimately
if you're worried about policy
uncertainty, well, isn't that the
epicenter of it?
>> Again, it's riskreward, right? So the
emerging market index trades at about 13
times forward earnings. That gives you a
little bit more of a cushion there
should things not, you know, not work
out quite as well as as as everybody
expects. We're coming out of a long one
of the longest periods we can remember
in which clients have had no interest in
emerging markets at all. Allocations, as
I said, you know, pretty low. So, I
think all of those factors give you some
comfort. Even if you're worried about
the enthusiasm towards US stocks, the
high valuation towards that you have to
pay in the US these days, even though
most of that we think is justified, then
I think adding a bit of emerging markets
in your portfolio is going to help you
in the next 5 years, whereas it really
held you back in the last five.
>> Speaking of emerging markets and growth
stocks, European bank stocks, and I
don't mean to say that that is an
emerging markets because I will get a
lot of hate mail, but there is this
sense that they've come pretty far. It's
been tripling in the past four years, I
believe. And you've seen an incredible
surge in valuations across the board. Is
that overdone? This optimism in the
European uh region in particular, hinged
by their banking sector.
>> It's a great question. Our European
investors love to show me the chart that
illustrates European bank performance
versus Magnificent 7. European banks
have considerably outperfor. It's not
even close actually, you know, in the
last 5 years. Look, the best that's from
here those returns are going to come
down. That's for sure. But you have to
consider the starting point. European
banks were priced as if they were going
to destroy value forever. It took 15
years to get past the the financial
crisis. So, they've moved from extremely
cheap to sort of reasonably priced and
we're still pretty good momentum. Now,
there are some risks, right? The more
money European banks make, the more
likely they're to to attract reg
regulation and taxes. The more likely
they are to sort of think about M&A,
which is more questionable rather than
returning money to shareholders, which
has been terrific. Dividends and
buybacks and a big part of the story.
So, it's a bit more balanced, but I
still think there's money to be made.
And I think the broader point again is
there are 200 companies in the world
that you can invest in in large cap,
right? So, just looking at seven of them
is not the right way to run a run a
global portfolio. It may not be European
banks, but there going to be other
opportunities are going to put their
head up and and are going to make you
money as an investor.
>> Paul, you spend a lot of time going
through these companies. What would it
mean to you if we backed away from
quarterly earnings reports here in
America?
>> Look, we've always thought long-term
earnings are what matters. Long-term
thinking is the right way to run a
company. We think the companies we
admire most to run for the long term.
And when we look at companies, we think
about the earnings that they're going to
endure in over the next 5 years. That's
really where, you know, where our focus
is. So long-term thinking, we think, is
just a really good thing. Do you see any
evidence at all that because of
quarterly earnings and the shift to that
over the last several decades that the
mentality of corporate America has
shifted to a more short-term view?
>> Look, I think if you look at, for
example, the massive investments that
are being made by the big five in data
center, those are not being made to make
money next quarter. So, I think
sometimes, you know, people worry a
little bit too much about
>> that's a pretty valid point given how
many hundreds of billions of dollars
have been announced in capex from just a
handful of names.
>> Exactly. $350 billion roughly this year,
up from 200 something last year, well
over 400 next year. That's a long-term
investment in the future of AI.
>> And the Bank of America Fund Manager
survey said that investors were
rewarding companies for spending their
cash on capex, not necessarily investing
just in buybacks uh and dividends. So,
it seems like people do have a long-term
mindset. At the same time, maybe they
can do that because they're still
generating a lot of cash. Paul, if we
did go to a six-month basis, do you
think companies are stuck with a
quarterly earnings kind of cadence? Do
you think they'd be rewarded?
>> It's it's really hard to know, right?
That would be that that that that would
be a very hard thing to judge right now.
Again, I think as long as companies run
for the long term, and the best ones
should be and are, and investors take a
long-term view, that's the way to make
money in the stock market.
>> Paul, appreciate your time. It's good to
see you. I think we managed to get
through basically all of that
conversation with about that much on the
Federal Reserve because that's how
important that is to some people at the
moment. Well, it might be important, but
what else can you say? I mean, honestly,
there's a certain level where either
they're going to be dovish or they're
not. They're going to be politically
influenced. We're not going to
necessarily know to what degree. There
all these questions that aren't going to
get answered tomorrow, even though we
want answers. So, we can keep talking
about it and we will we'll even have a
special on it.
>> We are going to have a special, two
specials in fact. One on the trading
floor over at Bank of America tomorrow
morning, then another special around
this desk tomorrow afternoon.
>> And we'll just focus on the Fed
>> and you'll be even more frustrated
tomorrow when you don't get the answers
you want tomorrow afternoon.
I'll come up with with new new
frustrations.
>> Special thanks again to Paul Quincy of
JP Morgan. Paul, thank you. Thank you.
It's good to see you, sir. Thank you
very much. Futures up by 0.2% on the S&P
500. Alltime highs on a benchmark in
America coming into Tuesday with an
update on stories elsewhere with your
Bloomberg brief. Here's Yahara. Hey,
Yahara.
>> Hi, John. US officials are in India for
trade discussions, signaling that the
two nations may be moving closer to
resolving their differences. says the
negotiations come weeks after President
Trump doubled tariffs on India to 50%
citing New Delhi's trade barriers and
purchases of Russian oil. Trump earlier
said he will speak with Indian Prime
Minister Narendra Modi in the coming
weeks. And you all were just discussing
this with Paul. Wall Street's main
regulator says it's prioritizing
President Trump's call to reduce the
frequency of corporate earnings reports.
The SEC says it's pursuing a proposal to
further eliminate unnecessary regulatory
burdens on companies. The agency has
mandated firms to report quarterly since
1970 after a decadesl long push to
increase transparency following the 1929
market crash. And President Trump is
expanding the federal government's crime
crackdown. Trump approved the deployment
of the National Guard in Memphis. The
FBI, the DEA, and other agencies will
also be sent to the Democrat-led city.
The president says he plans to send
forces to Chicago next and is also
looking at St. Louis and New Orleans.
That's your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Yahara later
this hour in about 30 minutes time. Up
next, the Fed's new governor.
>> I will act independently as the Federal
Reserve always does based on my own
personal analysis of economic data. I
plan to dutifully carry out my role
pursuant to the mandates assigned by
Congress. Independence of monetary
policy is a critical element for its
success.
>> That conversation up next with Monica of
Morgan Stanley live from New York City
this morning. Good morning.
[Music]
The main focus this morning, big data
point, US retail sales. Consumers don't
feel great right now. We can see that.
We can see why in the labor reports
we've had over the last 2 months. How
are they spending? Has that changed?
That's the story for 8:30 Eastern time.
Equities into that. Up again by.1% on
the S&P. Big tech keeps doing what big
tech has been doing for a long, long
time. The NASDAQ 100 on a 9-day winner
streak. up again this morning by a
quarter of 1%. And this event is this
morning the Fed's new governor.
>> I will act independently as the Federal
Reserve always does based on my own
personal analysis of economic data. I
plan to dutifully carry out my role
pursuant to the mandates assigned by
Congress. Independence of monetary
policy is a critical element for its
success. The Bureau of Labor Statistics
data uh on various measures deteriorated
steadily in quality over time. I do
think it is time for a a a wholesome
examination of the process of the
regulatory process to sort of think
about where we want it to be going
forward.
>> So here's the latest this morning. The
Senate confirming Steven Meyer as
Federal Reserve Governor just in time
for the FOMC meeting starting later on
today. Joining us now with the latest
here's Tyler Kendall. Tyler, this has
been a big focus for a lot of people for
a long time. Just who was going to be
around the table for that meeting on
September 17th.
>> Right. Exactly, John. And we finally
seem to have a little bit of clarity
here as this uh nomination for Steven
Myron was confirmed pretty swiftly on a
mostly partyline vote. And we know that
that was partly due to some strategic
reasons. A person familiar telling us
here at Bloomberg News that the
administration chose Myron in part
because he'd already been through the
Senate confirmation process for his role
heading the White House Council of
Economic Adviserss. That's a really
critical part in this because Myron has
said that he's going to retain that
position. and he's going to take an
unpaid leave of absence because this is
just a temporary role. He did tell
senators though during his confirmation
process that he would consider resigning
it altogether if he were appointed to a
longer term position. President Trump
does have that opportunity come
February. He could appoint Myron to a
14year term or he could actually keep
him on indefinitely in an acting
capacity while he waits to fill that
open position. Myron of course had
served under the first Trump
administration for the Treasury
Department before entering the private
sector and then coming back to help
really helm President Trump's economic
agenda and being perhaps one of the most
robust defenders of his tariff policy.
On the other side of this though is that
we've learned who else is going to be at
the table and that's that it appears
that Fed Governor Lisa Cook will be
there as well after an appeals court
based here in DC handed her a legal win
last night. actually just 5 minutes
between uh that legal decision and
Steven Myron being confirmed by the
Senate. This appeals court says that
President Trump very likely violated
Lisa Cook's rights to due process when
he fired her via a post on social media.
But John, at this point, the
administration still has time to appeal
to the Supreme Court, but we'll have to
see if that actually impacts whether or
not she's there for the meeting.
>> They're going to keep on pushing, that's
for sure. Based on recent comments,
Tyler, thank you. Italy Kendall in
Washington DC. With us here in New York
is Monica Aguero of Morin Standing.
Monica, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> So Steven Myron becomes Governor Myron
and he's at the Federal Reserve while
taking a leave of absence from the White
House. Is that a conflict of interest or
just a procedural issue? The Senate only
has so much time to have confirmation
hearings for Steven Myron.
>> I I think it depends on how far he goes
in a potential disscent, right? Is when
we're thinking about is he truly a
messenger for the White House, you know,
or is he taking a more measured
approach. Um, it's going to be a
question for a while until, you know, we
actually have a couple of rounds, right,
of voting on the records.
>> There's also a question of how much this
really changes the Fed's commitment to
fighting inflation. It seems like a lot
of people are saying in markets, we need
to wait and see just how much any kind
of independence is compromised when we
see how this Federal Reserve responds to
inflation coming in hotter than expected
should that happen down the road. How
much do you really look at that as as
the big sort of rubric for how we can
understand Fed independence
>> for for us when we're thinking about the
datadriven Fed? They're going to
continue to prioritize that for as long
as they can, right? This is something
that I think is important to all the
chairs, you know, the the governors and
participants on the board. So for me, I
again the data piece is critical. Now
what we're watching really closely is
you know what happens in the room today.
If we see my go deeper than a 50 basis
point descent for example um does that
result in market volatility right does
that signal something that maybe the
other you know uh participants haven't
you know captured when we're thinking
about potential data weakness right and
inflationary factors. Does it push the
needle for the next meeting? Right. And
essentially create a leading factor for
our expectations.
>> Well, and it goes to the sort of
existential question right now, which is
are we seeing temporary weakness that
can be uh sort of fettered away by rate
cuts and by the change in the cycle and
some of the uh the one big beautiful
bill and some of the benefits that a
couple of companies and consumers get in
the start of the year. or is this actual
weakness that is going to be pervasive,
>> right? And and we're just starting to
see, right, uh what that what it's going
to shape up to to become. I think what's
important and what the Fed is trying to
balance if you're thinking about cuts
versus hikes, if you cut too quickly,
right, too soon, that can also be
inflationary. So if they're part of
their mandate or part of their job right
is to keep uh inflation under control
right around um at one point right that
2% rate that they were that they were
targeting um this is going to be a
critical factor in their consideration.
Now, do you get a deeper disscent from
Myron? That's one question. And then do
do you have other joiners, right? If
you're thinking about additional
dissents um in that equation and does it
signal more dovish activity from the Fed
in the future?
>> The president, as you know, has been
pretty transparent about why he wants
lower interest rates at the Federal
Reserve. He wants to lower mortgage
costs. He also wants to lower borrowing
costs for the government. He's getting
them. Yields are lower. Bonds have
really performed quite well. From your
standpoint, what's driving that move at
the moment to fixed income? Is it a fact
of the news being bad and ultimately
that's good news for bonds or is
something else happening here?
>> Yeah, I mean I'm definitely keyed in on
that bad news is good news narrative.
And one of the things that I think
exemplifies that I'm going to change
change gears here a little bit to
tariffs is that initially right when
tariffs were introduced it was you know
a huge uproar within the markets right
you had even bond markets misbehaving
and now with this revenue narrative that
they're essentially pointing out hitting
home reinforcing that's coming in from
these tariff levels if you lose that
right so while that's good for the
business and consumer side of the
economy meaning that lower tariffs makes
prices come down potentially that could
create more stress on the fiscal policy
side, right, for them to actually pay
and support debt and deficit.
>> Do you think it makes it harder for the
courts to strike this down given how
dependent the government is becoming on
them?
>> I don't I don't think that's going to be
a a key factor. I think they're they're
going to be, you know, doing their their
jobs, right, as far as looking at the
actual legality of IEPA and the way that
it was implemented. Now, do I think that
there are other ways to get there?
Absolutely. So, for us, when we think
about, you know, the bad news is good
news piece, it's if you get a continued
signaling that despite Supreme Court
activity, Trump is committed, then
markets are likely to continue to stay
stable, less volatile. I just wonder how
solid this bond rally is. If we do get a
government shutdown, say in two weeks,
do you still get a rally into bonds or
do you get it selling uh bonds selling
off based on some of the policy
uncertainty uh that has been building up
over the past couple of uh years? Well,
what's interesting about government
shutdowns is that if they are occurring
in an in isolation, right, if it's the
the main news of the day, right, of
course, they're never in isolation, but
the main news of the day, you actually
have positive market performance, right?
investors look through that time period
because typically they last maybe five
days. The longest we've ever had in
history is 35 days which then calls
certain things into question because
then cont government contractors aren't
getting paid. Salaries are are not, you
know, being allocated and people may not
be able to make their rent payment. And
so once you get past that 30-day mark,
that's when things get bumpy. But for us
right now, we don't think it'll extend
that long because if you do have a
shutdown, it then sort of gives the
president the ability to cut budgets,
which the Democrats do not want.
>> How many times have we seen this movie
ends the same way and Marcus don't seem
to care?
>> Yeah.
>> See that on repeat, don't we?
>> I was wondering whether people cared
more now just because there was a
certain level of policy uncertainty, but
evidently the answer is no. No, they
don't.
>> At least not for the moment. Equity
futures this morning positive by 0.2%. A
special thanks to Monica Quera of Morgan
Stanley. Monica, thank you. We are about
an hour away from US retail sales in
America, the last significant data point
going into the Federal Reserve's two-day
meeting. At least this time, we know
who's going to be sitting around that
table because there were some doubts
over the past few weeks.
>> And there could still be doubts if there
is some sort of emergency appeal on the
part of the Trump administration against
the recent court ruling on Lisa Cook.
Now, my question is, how are they going
to signal what uh is going to be the
path going forward on the retail sales
point, which we are about an hour away?
I want to just say I'm watching the
breakdown. How much of all spending
keeps on getting driven by wealthy in by
wealthy consumers and not by the lower
tier or the lower twothirds? And how do
Fed officials count that?
>> I don't know.
>> What happens when you cut interest
rates? Who does it help?
>> Exactly.
>> And who does it hurt?
>> Yeah, exactly. Especially if it's
long-term versus short-term. These are
real questions that we want to answer.
>> Important questions, too. Futures up
this morning then by a tenth of 1%. Up
next, we'll catch up with the former
White House trade adviser Kelly Shaw
ahead of President Trump's expected call
with China Sheep. Plus, Danny has your
morning movers, the latest in the $3
trillion club.
[Music]
The winning run continues on the Nasdaq
again this morning, higher by 0.24%
on the Nasdaq 100. on the S&P 500 adding
a little bit more weight to the rally up
by 0.16 with your morning movers with
your single names. Here's Danny Burger.
Hey Danny.
>> Hey. Here's a big ad to the NASDAQ. It
is Alphabet which became a member of the
$3 trillion club yesterday. There are
now four companies worth that much. It
gains about 1% this morning. This most
recent leg of the rally off the back of
that positive court ruling where they
avoided the most punitive measures in an
antirust ruling. You also had a city
upgrade yesterday. And Lisa, you
mentioned that Bank of America survey
that investors are rewarding capex
spending, even more for Alphabet.
They're planning to spend about5 billion
pounds in the UK on AI data centers.
That coincides with President Trump's
visit. Elsewhere, Chipotle shares are
moving higher this morning, too. A
little bit of a boost thanks to an
announced buyback after the close
yesterday in a filing saying that
they've authorized another $500 million
worth of share buybacks. That adds to a
total of 750 million shares. It's
something that Chipotle likely needs
considering those shares have fallen 33%
year to date. Wrapping things up with a
little bit of sellside action. TD Cowan
downgrading Warner Brothers Discovery
pointing out that those recent reports
of Paramount Sky Dance buying Warner
Brothers Discovery saying that it's just
speculation this most recent rally and
the rally has taken it above their price
target of $14. That's what's behind the
downgrade because there's been no
movement yet on that bid. So shares
falling just over 1.8%.
Danny, thank you. Thanks for the update.
More from Danny in the next hour. One
more single name for you. Tesla just
about holding on to gains in the
pre-market. Breaking news just moments
ago facing a probe by the National
Highway Traffic Safety Administration
over door handles in some of its Model Y
cars. Joining us now is Bloomberg's
Craig Trudell. Craig, this is something
the team have been writing about. In
fact, they wrote a big story on it just
last week. What's been going on?
Yeah, I definitely would recommend
viewers uh go back and read Dana Hull uh
Dana Hull's big take from from last week
along with Emily Chang and Cara Carlson.
Uh they've looked at uh Tesla's doors
and the fact that they are powered uh
electrically and when your Tesla loses
power, your doors no longer work the way
uh they they do normally. Uh
importantly, what Nitsa is looking at
here is is uh particularly from the
outside of vehicles. Tesla in its own uh
you know documents that it it gives to
first responders to you know fire
departments, police, they they
acknowledge that their vehicles cannot
be open from the outside when their cars
have lost power. Uh and this is the the
subject of this investigation.
Importantly though I should note they
say that while uh this investigation is
focused on operability of the door locks
from the outside as that is the
circumstance that is the only one in
which there is no manual way to open the
door. Uh they do say that they will
continue to monitor reports of
enttrapment involving opening their
doors also from the inside of their
vehicles. So they leave out the the
possibility that this may be an
investigation that is actually broadened
beyond just a single model year of
vehicles and about 174,000 vehicles. Uh
at least for the moment.
>> Craig, is this another example of a
souring relationship between this
company and the government?
>> I don't think necessarily. I think uh
this is the National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration doing its job uh
keeping an eye on on where consumers are
are sort of you know faulting the
companies the manufacturers whose
products they buy for uh for
malfunctioning. Sometimes they
investigate and decide to take no
action. Other times uh they investigate
and it leads to recalls. I think the
important thing here for for Tesla
investors is that uh you know these are
potentially issues that would have to be
fixed beyond just you know an overtheair
update. If if Tesla ends up uh you know
coming to to the conclusion that it
needs to recall its cars in order to
satisfy Nitsa uh this could potent
potentially be a a costly endeavor for
them to have to call these cars back and
and do some sort of hardware fix uh to
make their their vehicles more safe.
Craig, I know you're busy following up
on the story, so thanks for making some
time for us this morning. We appreciate
it. The stock is still higher in the
pre-market by 1.33%. As Craig pointed
out, the team wrote extensively about
this just last week. If you want to
check it out, Tesla's Dangerous Doors by
the team, the big take of about a week
ago. Let's turn to some of our top
stories on our radar this morning. The
Senate confirming President Trump's pick
for Federal Reserve Governor Steven
Myron ahead of today's FOMC meeting. An
appeals court also rejecting Trump's
efforts to remove Lisa Cook from the
board. Elsewhere, the former St. Louis
Fed President Jim Bullard joined the
short list of names to replace Fed chair
Jay Pal. Treasury Secretary Scott Besson
confirming Bullard interviewed for the
job just last week. We'll be speaking
with him exclusively on Friday. Look out
for that conversation with Jim in a few
days time. And finally, Google
announcing a nearly $7 billion
investment in the UK, artificial
intelligence. It's the first of several
US investments being unveiled ahead of
President Trump's state visit over the
next few days. Maybe it's the
consolation prize for still having to
pay 15% in terms of tariffs. What's
interesting, it's not just Google, it's
also Nvidia. Jensen Hang is there as
well as Open AI, Sam Alman, and this is
talking about some sort of increased
boost in the United Kingdom. A lot of
questions still remain about some of
their engagement given the fact that
there are some questions around online
rules uh as well as just the ongoing
questions around national security and
beyond. Nonetheless, this is definitely
something that Kirst could use. Right
now,
>> the UK has some of the highest energy
prices in the G7. Some of the highest,
the very highest. It's incredibly
expensive already for consumers in that
country. How are they going to power
this? Where does the energy come from?
>> Interesting that you say that. They also
have some agreements on nuclear powers,
uh, new nuclear power plants, and they
want to kind of ratify one another's
attempts to safely produce nuclear
energy. Exactly. in response to this
sounds good. Problem is, it takes about
10 years to get those nuclear reactors
up and running. So, in the meantime, you
have that short-term cost of living
concern that continues to be a
preeminent concern in the United
Kingdom.
>> The government's got a lot of work to do
on the energy front, that's for sure.
And that's going to be a big topic of
conversation as those deals are
unofficially unveiled over the next few
days. That's the latest on that. Amarie
is going to be on the ground in London.
We'll catch up with her in a few days
time. Let's turn to trade. President
Trump and she holding a call on Friday
after trade talks concluded in Madrid,
Spain. Joining us now to discuss is the
former senior White House trade adviser,
Kellyanne Shaw. Kellyanne, welcome back
to the program. So, we get the phone
call on Friday between Trump and she.
What are you expecting to be the outcome
of that?
>> Yeah, good morning. Thanks so much for
having me back on. Well, I think what
this is is a pretty significant
political and commercial deal. Now, we
don't exactly know the terms. All we
know is that this involves US controlled
ownership. President Trump teased with
reporters yesterday that there may be
some government ownership, either US or
Chinese potentially involved in this as
well. So, we could see some unique deals
kind of like what we've seen over the
last few weeks with the Trump
administration and exploring US
ownership and uh types of uh investment
credits, but we'll have to see what this
ultimately results in. The readout was
pretty good. I I'm expecting this to
move forward. Kellyenne, what is the
larger significance of this given the
fact that expectations were pretty high
heading into this meeting that it wasn't
just about Tik Tok, but the broader
dispute between the US and China?
>> Yeah, I think that's a great question
and and we certainly had a deadline
coming up this week in terms of by
Dance's need to devest in order to
prevent the app from being banned in the
United States. That's why the focus of
this meeting was really on Tik Tok. Um,
but they met for two days. Clearly, they
talked about a host of other issues. So
the question is, well, what about the
other $650 billion worth of bilateral
investment and trade and economic
relations between the United States and
China? Where do we go from here? And we
don't know much. So far, the talks have
been relatively narrow in scope. They
focused on export controls on the
Chinese side for rare earth magnets.
They focused on some US export controls.
Um potentially we could see some
purchases announced as part of a leader
level summit that could come as soon as
the apex summit in October. Um but
beyond that I think there's a lot of
work left to do in this relationship and
I don't expect some grand phase 2 style
deal to emerge anytime soon.
>> So then is it surprising to you that
it's going to be capped off on Friday
with a phone call between Xihinping and
Donald Trump given the narrow scope of
what people are expecting?
>> Yeah. Well, again, this is a very
significant issue for the president. He
ran on keeping Tik Tok alive,
notwithstanding a congressional ban.
This is a chit that China has been able
to hold. It's a piece of leverage that
they're now giving away. So, I think
this is a sign that they are saying,
"Okay, we are gearing up for some leader
level summit that might have some big
purchasing commitments. Maybe they'll
talk about fentanyl and some sort of
off-ramp there with steps taken from
China for confidence building. But
again, I don't know that China's also
interested in a broad-based phase 2
agreement either. I think China's
looking to stabilize the relationship
and this goes towards that. But it
doesn't fix all the things that are
wrong in the US China relationship.
>> And Kellyan, something I was wrong
about. I thought we'd move pretty
quickly back to the purchase agreement
secured in the president's first term.
What's the hold up on that?
>> Well, I think a lot of water has run
under the bridge between Trump one and
Trump 2. You had the Biden
administration who really didn't enforce
any of these commitments. And now from
China's perspective, this is something
that they can give away. This is a piece
of leverage. It's that commitments
they've already made. They already
committed to egg purchases, energy
purchases, aircraft purchases, but they
haven't really followed through with
that. So again, I'm expecting to see
them commit to at least that, if not
more, in the coming weeks and months.
But we'll really have to see what else
happens here. Again, the world has
changed significantly in the last five
or six years. I just think that the
chess board looks different.
>> Well, let's talk about the rest of the
chessboard. USMCA's got to be
renegotiated. The Mexicans seem willing
to put the walls up to the Chinese,
something we know is going to annoy
Beijing. I just wonder how the US and
China are going to figure that out in
the next year. And I just wonder if
that's a recipe already for tension
further down the road.
>> Yeah, and this was really interesting.
And I would actually rewind back just a
few days to Friday where the Department
of Commerce put 23 Chinese entities on
its entity list. China of course
retaliated with uh launching its own
investigations of anti-discrimination,
anti-dumping and then its finding in the
Nvidia case. Um, but what we have here
is a relationship where China and the US
can still make progress on politically
significant issues like Tik Tok while at
the same time defending their own
interests on other areas of the economic
and national security chessboard. So
when it comes to Mexico and those
tariffs that are now going to go into
effect on Chinese imports, I think we're
going to see the US asking more and more
of that of US trading partners. Now
Mexico is much more reliant on the
United States than it is on China. I
don't think every country is similarly
situated in the same way, but there is
this concept of changes to rules of
origin that we've talked about and the
administration has teased. And I think
what that means is the US is going to be
seeking from trading partners that if
you want access to our market, you've
got to limit the Chinese content that is
in the goods that are coming into the
United States. And I think at to your
point, that's going to cause more
friction between the US and China. A lot
of companies and economists have talked
about how peak tariff uncertainty is
behind us and that's unleashing a lot of
optimism at companies who feel like they
at least know some of the rules of the
road. Do you think that that's right and
that actually there's room to deescalate
further to see even a further softening
in tone especially ahead of next year's
midterm elections?
Yeah, my my sense has been that where
things are right now between the United
States and China with which is something
like a 30% to 55% average tariff rate
depending on the good where we have
talks that are ongoing but we're still
separately taking national security and
economic measures that may discriminate
against the other. I think this is more
or less the status quo. And while the
numbers may shift around one way or the
other, I think this is as stable as
things get. And frankly, I think things
could go the opposite way. If a year
from now, we still have China buying
loads of Russian oil. If we still have
China looking to be sloww walking some
of these discussions, if they're cutting
off exports of rare earth magnets, this
relationship could actually fall off a
cliff and get much more unstable. But
but I think sort of best case scenario
from an investor perspective is probably
the status quo right now.
>> Kellyanne, thanks for jumping on.
Kellyanne Shaw there, the former senior
White House trade adviser. That's how
markets view things. So long as there is
no escalation, we're okay with that. But
ultimately, when you look at the
chessboard, to Kellyanne's point, it
looks like further escalation is there.
The recipe is there, ready made further
down the road.
>> If the best case scenario is preserving
the status quo, it raises the question
about whether people are underpricing
the risk for a true escalation or
whether it doesn't really matter because
companies have immunized themselves in
sufficiently to some of this uncertainty
by, you know, putting robots in the
place of all. the market just wants to
move on and focus on other things and
it's focused on AI, robots and all of
those things.
>> Yeah. Innovation, how much companies can
really shift around some of their supply
chains more quickly and honestly the
adjusting and the adapting of American
companies has been really surprising
>> which is why the NASDAQ's on a 9-day
winner streak and it's about to be day
10 based on this price action. Futures
up again. Let's give you an update on
stories elsewhere this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Here's Yhira. Hey
yhara.
>> Hi John. Just doubling down on that
Tesla news you mentioned earlier. The
National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration is investigating issues
with door handles on 2021 Model Y
vehicles. The move comes days after a
Bloomberg investigation uncovered a
series of incidents in which people were
injured or even died after being unable
to open doors when their cars lost
power, particularly after crashes.
Meanwhile, the FTC is probing Ticket
Master over whether it's done enough to
keep bots from illegally reselling
tickets on its platform. The
investigation is focused on Ticketm's
compliance with the Better Online Ticket
Sales Act, which makes it illegal to use
bots to bypass ticket limits for popular
events. A decision on whether to bring a
case could be made within weeks. And
retired NFL superstar Tom Brady is
getting back on the field for a flag
football tournament in Riad next March.
Brady made the announcement alongside
Turkey Alshik, a Saudi Arabian sports
promoter. Other celebrities and athletes
are also expected to join in on the
game. Flag football also will be
introduced at the Los Angeles 2028
Summer Olympics. That's your Bloomberg
brief. John,
>> it won. That's ridiculous. Yara, thank
you. Is that true?
>> Well, maybe it'll be
>> flag football at the Olympics. Maybe
it'll be the next break dancing.
>> How much is Brady getting paid for that?
>> I mean, well, you can imagine given some
of the money in involved in this. Do you
think he feels like he's disgracing his
former profession by doing flag football
or do you think he's embarking on a
support of youth and protecting?
>> Definitely the latter, of course. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I I think there's a price
for that.
>> Yeah. You think so?
>> Without a doubt. Have you played flag
football?
>> If you paid me as much as he's getting
paid to play in Saudi Arabia, I'll
happily play with you anytime you want.
All right. We'll go play flag football
at the Olympics together.
>> All right. Well, we'll do a crowdfunding
>> just like the break dancing. Maybe
Australia will give us a place on a
team, you know.
>> Go and do that.
>> No one needs to see that. There's
certain kinds of publicity no one needs.
>> Let's move on. Up next on the program,
unleashing a bond market rally. The
baseline outlook and the shifting
balance of risks may warrant adjusting
our policy stance. Our policy rate is
restrictive, modestly so in my view.
>> We'll get to that in just a moment with
Ian Lingan of Beimo Capital Markets from
New York City. You're watching Blind
Black TV.
[Music]
Stocks are positive by a tenth of 1%. Up
this morning by 0.15% on the NASDAQ 100
high by 0.2. to in the bond market.
Check out the 10-year. Haven't had a
close below 4%. So, in the 3s, I think
since April 4th, and we were only there
for about one session on the tenure this
morning, 4.04%,
just about holding on to those levels
this morning. And the surveillance this
morning unleashing a bond market rally.
>> The baseline outlook and the shifting
balance of risks may warrant adjusting
our policy stance. Our policy rate is
restrictive, modestly. So in my view,
the stability of the unemployment rate
and other labor market measures allows
us to proceed carefully. While the labor
market appears to be in balance, it is a
curious kind of balance. Longerterm
inflation expectations, however, as
reflected in market and survey based
measures appear to remain well anchored.
Chairman Pal setting us up for rate cuts
as the 10-year bond yield hovers near a
fivemonth low ahead of the first
expected interest rate cut of 2025. Ian
Lincoln of Beimo writing the following.
We're encouraged by the modest bid for
treasuries. This does trigger our
concern that investors are looking for a
more dovish cut than Powell is going to
deliver on Wednesday. Ian joins us now
for more. Ian, good morning.
>> Morning. Happy to be here.
>> Great to catch up with you. Let's talk
about the bond market rally so far this
year outperforming. The bond market bid
has returned to treasuries. Let's start
with why. What's driving that move for
you?
>> So, I think there are two main factors.
The first is we got through the period
of being concerned about a buyer strike
in treasuries. Now we know that there's
demand at the auction. Now we know
there's plenty of demand in the
secondary market. The second major issue
is that the period for tariff pass
through to really move the inflation
complex has largely passed. Now that
doesn't mean that there won't be upward
pressure on goods inflation as a result
of the trade war. But because it wasn't
condensed into a 3-month period and is
going to be spread out over 12 months,
maybe longer, that means that the market
can move on to trading what's next. And
what's next is the resumption of
normalization.
>> Do you think that it's a paradox to see
both a rally in the bond market and a
rally in risk assets that seem to be
really hedged on this idea of a
reaceleration in growth?
>> So I have been very surprised by the
resilience of the equity market and the
fact that we continue to move higher and
higher and set new records every day.
However, if we put it in the context of
a monetary policy adjustment lower that
is still holding out hopes for a soft
landing, I think that higher equity
valuations make sense in that context.
It's not until we get a bigger spike in
the unemployment rate or a slowdown on
the consumption side that we would
really start a conversation about a
recession. And barring that, as long as
the Fed is in motion towards lower
rates, I don't think that there's a
reason to sell. Is there a trigger point
in terms of 10-year yields that signals
to you that we really are seeing
weakness? Bad news is bad news versus
just simply people getting stomped out
of their short uh long-term Treasury
positions and being forced to buy. I
think that at this stage, given how
positive term premium is, particularly
further out the curve, that we would
need to see 10-year yields below 375 or
even 365 before I would characterize
that as anything more than just going
back to the prior range. So, we could
drift lower in rates just through the
process of normalization.
>> When we quoted you, we talked about the
risk going into Wednesday. Just
elaborate on that. What is the risk
going into tomorrow's decision? So the
market is poised for a very dovish
takeaway from Powell. But the reality is
if he goes 25, that means that we're
still restrictive. We're slightly less
restrictive than we have been. And he
will justify continuing to remain
somewhat restrictive in all the
uncertainties. And so if the takeaway is
that we're not starting 25 basis points
per meeting and instead it will be
meeting by meeting, I think the market
sells off.
>> How much weight will you put on the dot
plot?
The market loves to trade it and it gets
revised all the time. So I'm cautious
about assuming that that gets realized.
>> Do you think that markets have really
grappled with the idea of Fed
independence or have they just shrugged
it off and say what does that mean? How
can we really even know and ultimately
whoever is on the Fed board will will do
the right thing for the economy at a
given time. Right? So what's the sort of
pendulum there when that starts to
matter again?
So, if the Fed didn't have the
justification of slower payrolls growth
and the benchmark revisions lower, I
think that we would still be having a
conversation about Fed independence. But
the fact of the matter is the data has
caught up with the pressure that was
coming from the administration and so
Fed independence can be preserved while
still cutting rates.
>> So, we're about 36 minutes away from the
retail sales figure that we get out uh
from the United States and a real
question of how to read this, right?
What are you looking for to indicate
whether this builds on soft payrolls
data or whether this kind of flies in
the face of that and points to a lot of
confidence by consumers?
>> Well, from a GDP perspective, we look at
what's called the control group with
back with which excuse me, which backs
out all the components that don't flow
through to the GDP consumption figures.
And so that'll be the key. And if it is
0.5.6, I think that that's going to be a
strong showing for a month in which we
saw weaker payrolls growth. There's
another data point in the mix as well
this morning that won't get as much
attention. Import prices. How important
is that as an input to gauge who's
paying the tariffs right now and who
isn't?
>> Well, interestingly, import prices at
this stage are not going to be as
relevant to the tariff discussion. they
will be more relevant to putting the
final estimates on core PCE for this
month or for the month of August and I
think that that's going to be important
because we're tracking at 0.18 which
means a very benign print on the uh the
Fed's preferred measure of inflation.
>> Ian always appreciate your time. Ian
Ling of Beimo Capital Markets the pass
through not as obvious right now but
based on experience it hasn't been the
exporters selling into America that have
been cutting their prices. It's been
domestic companies taking a lot of this
on margin, it seems based on the data
we've had so far.
>> Yeah. Or even cutting back expenses in a
variety of different ways, which is one
reason why people have been looking at
innovation or even job cuts in order to
respond to some of the tariff costs.
It's a complicated picture. Even retail
sales, how do you interpret that when so
much of the retail sales comes from the
wealthiest households? It's very
difficult to sort of parse this out and
come up with a comprehensive or
consistent story.
>> Are you ready to talk about dot
dispersion in the dot plot? I actually
concentrated they might be.
>> I have a treatise on dot dispersion that
I'm gonna whip out tomorrow and it's
gonna be beautiful.
>> I'm looking forward to the coverage.
>> I think everybody
>> What do you think Steven Mar is going to
be? Is it going to be a throwback to Jim
Bulad from all those years ago? Just put
the dot at the very bottom of the dot
plot and just put it out there for
several years.
>> It depends. It depends on whether he
actually wants to have a seat, a
permanent seat on the Fed or whether
he's placeholder to try to be a rabble
rouser. And we'll find out. Coming up
tomorrow, we'll have special coverage of
that Federal Reserve decision on the
trading floor at Bank of America. Look
out for that tomorrow morning. Coming up
next, we'll catch up with Alicia Lavine
of BMY Wealth, Ron Josie of City, Steve
Rashuta of Missou, Christina Campy of
Invesco.
[Music]
What is not baked in is the idea that we
may actually end up needing these cuts.
>> Right along with everybody else, I
expect a quarter point cut.
>> We don't see the economy going to above
trend growth. So this is a really a kind
of a muddling through scenario.
>> I don't think anyone would be completely
shocked by, you know, a more dovish bias
here.
>> If they do 25 bips or if they do even
50, the market should be able to take
it.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Bramowitz, and An
Marie Hordern.
Bill Dudley really sticking his neck out
there. 25 basis point rate car coming to
you tomorrow afternoon
>> with that tone too.
>> Yeah, like everybody else.
>> Me and everybody else from New York City
this morning. Good morning. Good morning
for our audience worldwide. The third
hour of Bloomberg Savannah starts right
now. And your scores look like this.
Equity futures on the S&P 500 up again
by 0.14 on the NASDAQ. The longest run
of gains we've seen on the NASDAQ 100
going back a few years. We're up again
this morning by 210 of 1% in the bond
market. Can we break down into the
threes again on tens? 4.04%.
The fate of that move in the hands of
this one right here 29 minutes away. US
retail sales the next big data point for
this economy.
>> Yeah. Does it really confirm some of the
strength that we're seeing in corporate
earnings or does it confirm the weakness
that we're seeing when it comes to the
payrolls report? There is a
contradiction right now that the markets
need to resolve. Are we truly seeing
weakness that is the reason why the Fed
is cutting? Or are we seeing something
that is temporary at a time when
companies are still building on profits
a soft patch ahead of what could be a
reaceleration with Fed cuts next year?
>> It's interesting what Deutsche Bank had
to say on this issue. We talked about
the step down we've seen in payrolls
growth, the step up we've seen in the
equity market off the back of the
increase in expectations for interest
rate cuts from the Federal Reserve. and
he essentially said the step down you've
seen in payrolls growth isn't because
the econom is weak. That might drive the
Fed, but it doesn't drive us. He thinks
that's a bigger consequence of what's
happening on the supply side. The break
even rate for the labor market is a
whole lot lower. And you should just
take the rate cuts as a bonus because he
thinks the economy is doing okay. And
the bigger question you've got to ask
yourself is just how hot this Fed's
going to run this economy as a
consequence.
>> In the past two weeks, the St. Louis Fed
put out a report that said earlier this
year they expected the break even rate
for the jobs number had to be something
like 150,000 new jobs created every
month. They have recently revised that
to as low as 50,000 a month just simply
because there are fewer immigrants
coming in to the nation. There's some
that are leaving. So that really
highlights exactly the point that
Deutsch Bank is pointing to that the
headline number really doesn't tell the
story.
>> Retail sales 8:30 Eastern time. The next
stop for this big debate. Coming up this
hour, we'll catch up with Alicia Lavine
of BMY Wealth, the stocks trade at
alltime highs, Ron Josie of City as
Alphabet joins the $3 trillion market
cap club, and Steven Rashido of Missouo
as we break down the latest data. We
begin this out with stock steady ahead
of a key Fed meeting. Alicia Lavine of
BNY Wealth writing, "We think the Fed
cuts twice as inflation remains a
problem, but the Fed is cutting into
increased earnings estimates." Alicia
joins us now for more. Alicia, good
morning.
>> Good morning. Do you think this Fed's
about to run it hot?
>> It looks like the Fed's going to run it
hot because there are disperate signals
in the economy. So the the job losses
that we saw from the BLS survey from the
previous year, the revisions are
suggesting just much much slower jobs
growth and the models have actually not
caught up to the fact that there might
be a new equilibrium in job creation for
keeping the unemployment rate in the low
fours, which is the signal. So the Fed's
going to cut. It looks perhaps more
justified than it did 2 or 3 months ago
when this conversation started in
earnest. Um, and look, the market's
already priced in something like 140
basis cuts basis points into the end of
next year. So, it's already in the
market.
>> Well, let's just stand the labor market
just for one more beat. You believe that
the step down we've seen in payrolls
growth overstates the broader weakness
in the labor market.
>> So, I think it's real. It looks like to
be a no a no hire no fire economy. It is
very clear that the younger cohort is
having trouble achieving that first job.
You know, we've seen it all over the New
York tri-state area this summer. People
without jobs who just graduated some
very fine universities. Um so that's
very real. But the issue is that the
firings are not necessarily happening
either. We also see that productivity
was ratcheted upwards for the for the
second quarter. So it looks like
productivity is coming in to support the
economy. perhaps not running inflation
hot because of it and at the same time
just maybe a reluct a reluctance to hire
labor until policy is clearer but it
also seems clear that the equilibrium
rate is just simply much lower otherwise
we'd have a higher unemployment rate
>> but John and I have talked about this
extensively is this a gap the gap
between corporate earnings and the
number of jobs getting created that has
to close or is this the new paradigm
>> so I think we're in a new I think we're
in a structural shift I think we're
living through one of those shifts
where there are different parts of the
economy working at different speeds. So
the increased earning estimates are
coming from the tech sector, the
communication sector um which are not
hiring um and and yet they're you know
the margins are going higher, revenues
are going higher and so that's what's
driving the earnings estimates. In the
end you know our our faithful S&P is not
the real economy and those two things
can exist separately a weaker labor
market along with stronger earnings. Now
at some point the bifurcation has to be
met. Meaning you still need positive
growth to generate earnings. You can't
have negative growth. You can't have a
recessionary scenario. But what you have
is massive household wealth that's been
created in the 60% of households that
own equities. Um 40% which own real
estate. And so you're supporting the
consumer through financial assets. So we
financialize the economy. We
financialized consumption. The numbers
are in the aggregate. It is definitely a
K-shaped economy when it comes to
consumption. The lower quintile is not
doing as well. They borrow short.
They're renting. They're not owning.
They don't own financial assets. But the
numbers themselves are in the aggregate
and the aggregate is being driven by the
top three quintiles.
>> So, we're 24 minutes away from these
retail sales. And this really has been
the question. Can you keep seeing those
retail sales come in hot given the fact
that we do see this backdrop of a labor
market? I mean, it's not the computers.
It's not the robots spending money,
right? Is this going to be the new
paradigm where your stock prices go up
so you can spend money but jobs are
really not plentiful? Is that kind of
what we're looking at?
>> I don't know if that's if I would put it
necessarily that way. I think we have a
gap we have a gap in the labor market as
we see where AI is taking companies and
how much labor is actually needed. In
the meantime, will the will the Fed be
running the economy hot? It looks like
they're going to run the economy hot.
>> And we've seen what we've seen in the
equity market. Small caps are starting
to outperform. We've seen that captured
in the Bank of America fund manager
survey as well. That feels almost
exclusively like an interest rate driven
story. Do you see the outlook and the
pick up in the outlook, the improvement
justify the move we've seen?
>> So, as you said, the small cap move is
all about a bet on rates and the
direction of rates. What's interesting
here is that actually the equally
weighted S&P is making new highs as
well. So the broadening of the market is
happening and actually earnings
estimates and growth estimates for 2026
are moving upward. We'll just point out
there's 150 billion dollars of consumer
stimulus coming in the first quarter of
2026 through the tax bill. You know the
tax bill is not talked about and we talk
about tariffs all day long but there but
there is an offset through the tax bill
helping to drive healthier corporates
and and actually offset some of the cost
of the tariffs on the margin line. What
are we expecting to get in that tax
bill? What's in that tax bill that's
going to drive this reaceleration?
Because you're not alone. I've heard a
lot of people say this that you're going
to see a reaceleration juiced by what
was just delivered. Now, other people
would sit around the table and say that
was just an extension of current policy.
Don't read too much into it. What's
fresh in it? What's important about it?
>> So, the no tax on tips is there. Um the
the tax refunds that are coming, the the
support for um for families as well is
coming all in that first quarter. and
the refunds from the IRS to households
and it's all it's all focused on the
lower income cohort. So that's out there
as well. So you may have a pocket here
of you know tariffs are moving higher.
You know, we had about a 10 and a half%
tariff rate for August. It's likely to
move higher because the statutory rates
are a little bit higher, but then you're
having consumer support on the household
level. And at the same time, you're
having um you're having for the
corporates capex and investment being
incentivized and offsetting some of the
hit from the tariffs. So, you've
actually tried to sterilize some of the
hit from tariffs while you're bringing
revenue into the country. Is this the
most efficient way to do it? Of course
not. Right? Tariffs are not an efficient
policy, but it is a revenue source and
it is a way to offset some of the other
priorities. If I were the CEO of a
retail company and I heard you talking
about this, I'd say, "All right, I'm not
going to pass along the costs right now
to consumers. I'm going to wait until
the first quarter and then I'm going to
pass along the costs because they won't
care as much if prices go up just a
little bit. Why is that not dramatically
inflationary for the remainder of 2026?"
>> So, it it it could be inflationary. It
could be inflationary. I mean, we've
seen retail companies are saying that
they've already started to pass on low
to mids singledigit costs to the enduser
customer and there has not been any push
back. The question is if you get to
double digits, is there push back? So, I
think it's a slightly higher
inflationary world. I think tacitly the
Fed is saying 3%. essentially here
tacitly. Okay. But, um it's it's baked.
What are they going to do with a a
degrading labor market? And that's the
problem. if they're data dependent. The
data has said the jobs market has slowed
and thus far we have not yet seen a huge
hit from tariffs on the inflation side
and so they're in a really difficult
place but the cuts are already baked
into the market. So what's the risk
here? The risk is that you know at some
point next year the Fed says look we
have to actually hike right that would
be a huge risk to the market that is a
tail risk that's not baked in. We don't
think that's likely because ultimately
we see tariffs as a tax. It's a tax. So
yes, you get that inflationary spike and
then you get the growth effect pretty
quickly. And so we don't think that
inflation lasts very long.
>> How much does one percentage point
change things when you say that they're
tacitly accepting three and they're no
longer targeting two?
>> How big a difference is that?
>> I think that that's a huge difference
and I think you see that in the dollar.
I mean, I think the the weakness in the
dollar is reflecting that, you know, the
Fed may be move like they're not saying
they're moving off, but if they're
cutting here with CPI at 2.9%.
Right? So, it's a fact. It's a fact. And
so, I think it's a bit of a muddle
through here. Now, I you know,
ultimately, if there are growth effects
from the tariffs, their their tax, your
inflation is going to move down at some
point.
>> Listen to the conversation we're having,
though. Over the last summer or so, the
last several months, there's been this
freakout about political capture of the
Federal Reserve and the potential for a
deanchoring of inflation expectations.
And what I hear from you is that the
biggest contribution to that story right
now, it's not the White House. It's the
way they've been conducting policy over
the last several years.
>> Well, because if you say data
dependence, the inflation has not really
come through. It's come through on the
good sector, but it hasn't come through
anywhere else. And inflation on services
is still moving down. You have not seen
a huge inflationary hit from the
tariffs. What you have seen is a
degradation of data in the labor market.
And so if you say you're data dependent,
that suggests a backward-looking view
and not a forward-looking view. I think
they're in a very difficult spot here.
Like I don't think this is an easy call.
It really is not. Like it's people sound
very certain about this. It's very
uncertain. and and and so I think that
you know ultimately if you believe that
tariffs are if you believe the models on
tariffs are wrong right because we still
have not had our stagflation yet we're
wait where's the stagflation it's
waiting for GDAU it hasn't happened yet
so if you believe it's a tax then the
slowdown is coming
>> Alicia Lavine of BMY Alicia it's good to
see you thanks for being here I'm
pleased Alicia said that I think it is a
difficult moment for the Federal Reserve
and I think it's going to be very hard
for the chairman to form a consensus on
the committee over the next 24 hours
>> especially because a A lot of economists
and a lot of people who grew up during
the financial crisis uh really are
predisposed to being more worried about
the scarring in the labor market than
they are about inflation that went back
down to zero very quickly. So how does
that change the view given that this is
a new different uh paradigm?
>> You can get people on side for a
riskmanagement rate cut something like
that to get them on side for something
bigger more aggressive something that
arguably the market is priced for over
the next 12 months is a very different
story. It's a difficult moment for the
Federal Reserve, especially with all of
these other influences, whether it's AI
and the potential productivity, whether
it's immigration or whether it's the
question of how companies are adapting
to tariffs.
>> That Federal Reserve decision about a
day away. Equity features into that
positive again by a tenth of 1% with an
update on stories worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Here's Yahira. Hey yra.
>> Hi, John. The Fed's two-day policy
decision getting underway today and both
Steven Meer and Lisa Cook are set to be
there. The Senate confirmed President
Donald Trump's economic adviser Steven
Myron to the board of governors last
night and a US appeals court blocked
Trump from removing Cook from her post.
Though Trump could still ask the Supreme
Court to step in. Meanwhile, Luigi
Manion, the suspect in the murder of
United Healthcare CEO Brian Thompson, is
due in court today. His lawyers are
pushing to have his state murder charges
thrown out, arguing that the New York
case and a parallel federal death
penalty amount to double jeopardy. The
judge will also decide a trial date and
whether the state or federal case will
go first. And Bloomberg News is out with
this year's rankings of the best
business schools around the world. And
for the seventh year in a row, Stanford
University comes out on top with the
best full-time MBA program in the US.
The University of Pennsylvania's Wharton
School came in second, followed by the
Haw School in Berkeley, Harvard Business
School, and Northwestern's Kellogg
School. That's your brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Appreciate it. Up
next, the morning calls plus Ron Josie
of City as Alphabet joins the $3
trillion market cap club. A conversation
up next from New York City this morning.
Good morning.
[Music]
The big driver of earnings, we have to
be realistic, is the AI investment boom,
right? That is what's got everyone's
attention. And whilst the earnings are
good overall, that has been the kind of
central piece that's been the biggest
driving force in the second quarter
earnings and this year. We're still
waiting a little bit for that broadening
out of profits to come. We think it will
come. We think it comes into next year.
We think next year, by the way, is
better for earnings overall than this
year. Paul Quincy of JP Morgan asset
management goes some way to explain the
all-time highs in the equity market
despite this big step down we've seen in
payrolls growth in this economy.
Equities are record highs coming into
Tuesday. we add to them up by a tenth of
1% on the S&P on the NASDAQ up by 0.2 as
the Fed's 2-day meeting begins tomorrow.
Special coverage from the trading floor
at Bank of America tomorrow morning for
the team here at Bloomberg Surveillance.
We'll have the market voices Mark Cabana
Sevita Subramani and we'll have the
seuite as well co-president Jim Demar
and the chairman and CEO Brian Moahan.
>> I am thrilled to be there again and get
their view especially given how
complicated this meeting is. It's not
just about whether they cut 25 basis
points, whether they cut 50, whether
they signal going forward, but how they
view an economy that is dramatically in
flux. And that I think is a fair way to
describe what we're looking at.
>> Looking forward to that coverage
tomorrow morning. For now though, let's
get you some morning calls. First up,
Morgan Stanley reiterating its
overweight rating on Tesla, calling the
full self-driving software a game
changer. That stock is up by 1%. Your
second call from Goldman Sachs double
upgrading Hershey to buy from sell. Just
don't tell Bremo. expecting outsized
growth from recent pricing in
>> kids are thrilled, don't get me wrong.
>> Rambo earlier calling it barely
chocolate.
>> Well, it is technically barely chocolate
in the United States. Anyway, we can
move on. I mean, kids buy it
>> by 1.3%. And finally, Bernstein lowering
its price target on FedEx to 247. Kids
buy it.
>> Amazing. Reflecting a headwind from the
end of dimminimous exemptions. That
stock is up by 0.5%.
Lisa never changed. Let's turn to tech.
Ron Josia City boosting his price target
on Alphabet to 280, believing in greater
demand and improved profitability at the
company. Alphabet now valued at more
than $3 trillion. Ron, welcome to the
program. What a milestone. I remember
not so long ago we were waiting for the
first one trillion dollar company and
here we are talking about threes, fours,
fives, sixes. I don't know where this
one's going. Ron, when I go through your
note, what stands out for me is just
execution, execution. What's changed
about their approach in the management
team?
>> Well, I'll tell you not not only the
valuation just on a market cap
interesting to talk about. This is a
business that's been around for what two
two and a half decades or more actually
and search is still growing call it
double low double digits 11 12 13 plus%.
And then you have newer business coming
on such as not only YouTube but you have
Google cloud and so what we're seeing is
a business that is now embracing and has
the right products. It seems at least
the right product roadmap to better
attack the generative AI world and you
know it's very clear that search is
emerging to maybe more of an answers
engine right and and people's use cases
are changing in terms of how we use
Google but at the end of the day you
know we look at our numbers we're
looking at double digit growth for the
core search business we're looking great
looking at greater demand for Google
cloud and and all that is flowing
through to to increase profitability and
so we think execution is just improving
quite a bit. What's changed for you over
the past couple of months to give you
confidence that Google can adapt to a
very new uh moment where OpenAI is an
incredible competitor to their main core
business?
>> Yeah, you know, Lisa, it's it's a bunch
of things. And so, we've always been of
the view that Google's product Halo
helps to keep it in the mix or in the
loop of everyone's lives. So, in other
words, of course, we all use search, we
use maps, we use YouTube, Gmail, and the
list goes on and on. And so it was a
matter of time until call it Gemini or
we figure out how to better incorporate
generative AI tools into the core search
product. We're not quite there yet.
We're learning still. I think AI
overviews, AI mode is helping. The core
Gemini app is helping. But at the end of
the day, we're seeing Google's tools
being more widely adopted. And and
that's the key thing. I mean, we have to
remember Google has what is it seven
plus products more than with more than
two billion monthly active users, 15
more than 500 million. they have this
high scale. It was a matter of time
until Gemini and other products actually
got to that level. To be clear, search
remains, you know, a big question mark,
right? Where do we go? And and we've
been nothing but impressed with what
what's going on at Chat GPT and what
OpenAI has been doing in terms of just
bringing innovation to market. But that
doesn't mean Google standing still. And
I think that's the key point here uh in
our view on Google. I do wonder going
forward whether Google will be viewed as
a search company, whether it'll be
viewed as a phone company, an increasing
competitor to Apple, especially with
some of their uh AI adaptations that are
exceeding what we're seeing from AI, or
whether they're seen as some other
device company or cloud computing
company. What is this company going to
look like in 5 years?
>> You know, at the end of the day, it is a
full-on a technology company. It's an
app company. I view it as primarily a
consumer company. What's new here over
the past couple call it year or so is
that Google cloud now is way more has
more products and services to offer
their clients and so whereas a few years
ago uh you know that the SAS world was
primarily AWS and of course Azure was
doing their thing and all of a sudden
with Gemini Google Cloud now has more
than a seat at the table seeing revenue
reacelerate here and their commitments
in terms of their backlog backlog is
growing quite handily. So you ask what
what is Google over the next couple
years? Look, I I think search is going
to evolve into we'll see maybe more of
an answers engine. We'll see how Gemini
and AI mode and AI overview and core
search sort of merge into one as as the
Google Cloud business continues to just
take more share of the corporate
spending market. And and I think you're
exactly right. We've got the Pixel
phones. We we had their made by Google
event about a month ago with more
hardware devices coming out. We can't
sleep on YouTube. And so there's a lot
going on. There's always been a lot
going on within Google. I think for now
we're seeing this sort of greater
clarity on strategy. And you know, I
think it's also important to say post
the uh memorandum of opinion from Judge
Ma, I think it was on September 2nd, we
now have greater clarity on potentially
where some of these, you know, the
search distribution trial and maybe
other trials might go. And I think that
actually helps from a product innovation
perspective as well.
>> Ron, can you just build on that? Chrome
and keeping hold of Chrome. They have
something that many others wanted,
including the other AI players. Based on
the reports, Perplexity were interested
in buying acquiring that asset. How
important was it for Google to hold on
to Chrome and what does it do for the
overall business?
>> Yeah. No, look, I mean, I think Chrome
has around 2/3 if not more market share
the browsing market. Look, I'm old
enough to remember when uh we were in
browser wars 1.02.0 and here we are
again. And uh and look, Chrome with
twothirds of the market here in the US.
uh the entry point to the web on so many
different things including search. I I
think it's it was uh it's a strategic
asset that Google has built over close
to two decades I think 15 years or so.
And so to see a structural change on a
distribution case, it seemed a little
aggressive and that's what we got with
the judge. And so now that Google owns
it, I think you're going to see Chrome
be more that agentic browser. We're
going to see Gemini being more infused
throughout it. And as that happens, you
know, usage should still go up. And the
end of the day, uh, the internet is all
about engagement. Uh, whether that
engagement is through a browser or maybe
through glasses or the phone, you know,
I think Google has the tools to to keep
themselves in front of every everyone's
lives.
>> Ron, just in 45 seconds, which is
tremendously difficult to do, will that
continue to be the entry level to the
internet? Aren't we moving away from
that? Aren't we moving away from how we
traditionally engage with the internet?
Oh, one I I I firmly believe this. I
think how we interact with apps, how we
use the web today, how we sort of just
do anything on the web is going to
change in the next three to five years
thanks to generative AI. That doesn't
mean that a lot of these companies such
such as Google is going to are going to
stand still. And so, you know, later
this week we have Meta Connect coming
out with we'll see a next incarnation of
their their Ray-B band glasses, which is
exciting. You know, how we access the
web is changing. Generative AI or search
is now becoming more an answers engine.
And so as we think about this, I I think
Google is in is front and center in
terms of where these changes are going.
So I think it's a fair question.
>> Let's get you in the studio next time
for a longer conversation. I enjoyed
this, Ron. Appreciate catching up with
you after that call. Ron Josie there of
City with the latest on Alphabet.
>> Yeah, and you made a great point about
that case and how much that really
unleashed Google's willingness to invest
in Chrome and make it aic to tell us
everything we might need to know and
even some things we don't want to know.
>> Stock is up by another 0.6% so far this
morning. Coming up, retail sales in
America, the latest data in the United
States going into that Fed decision
tomorrow. Steve Rashutto of Missouo will
be here to break down the numbers from
New York City. You're watching Bloomberg
TV.
[Music]
US retail sales about 25 seconds away.
Going into it, the scores shaping up as
follows. Equity futures on the S&P 500
up by a tenth of 1% on the Nasdaq 100 up
by 0.16. A 9day winning streak on the
Nasdaq 100. Switch up the board and get
to the bond market. 2-year, 10 year, and
30-year 10's very close to a three
handle. 4.03% this morning. Twos at
35241 as the Fed meeting begins and
concludes tomorrow. We've got some
economic data to get through. With that
data, here's Mike McKe. Good morning,
Mike.
>> Good morning, John. Well, there's an old
saying, don't stand in between an
American and a cash register. And it
looks like that was the case. Retail
sales a much stronger stronger than
expected 6/10% gain after a 510 in the
month of July. The survey thought we'd
only see 2/10. And a lot of the weakness
was expected to be in automobiles.
Retail sales. X autos up 7/10en of a
percent. X autos and gas up 7/10en of a
percent. The July numbers have been
revised higher with advance headline
sales up 6/10 instead of five and X
autos up 4/10en instead of 3/10. Now the
control group which is what everybody
watches it goes into GDP basically up
7/10en of a percent after a 3/10en gain
in the month of July. The forecast was
only for 4/10. So, it looks like it was
a very strong back to school season and
it looks like Americans were not put off
by tariffs, at least not during the
month of August. The other numbers we're
just getting in here, import prices up
3/10en of a percent. That's down a tenth
from last month. The expectation was for
them to fall 2/10. X petroleum up only
2/10% from a 3/10 in July. But here's
the key. If they aren't going down, it
doesn't it suggests that uh exporters
are not absorbing costs of tariffs that
they are just passing along their normal
prices or increasing them a little bit.
So that would put the onus of tariffs on
the importers on wholesalers, retailers,
and to a certain extent the American
people. But the American people look
past it looks like in the month of
August.
>> Michael McKe stay close. Credit to
Adichi Bave and the team over at Bank of
America who were looking through their
card data and essentially told us on
this program that they saw a consumer
re-engaging with the economy and
spending was picking up. You see that
captured in the retail sales print so
far this morning. The market reaction is
curious. So, let's get into it. Equities
stay higher by about a tenth of 1% on
the S&P and the Nasdaq up by 0.2. Push
it through the bond market. I think
there's a conclusion that this does not
change the story at the Federal Reserve.
They cut interest rates tomorrow. The
two-year stays anchored around 350.
Further out, yields up just a little
bit, but not too much. Up by a single
basis point of 4.05%.
I do wonder to what extent this changes
the conversation just on the margins.
Lisa, how aggressive can you be at the
moment with interest rates if you've got
some data telling you that maybe the
weakness in payrolls is not evidence of
more broader weakness elsewhere?
>> That this is a low higher low fire uh
jobs market and people are still
spending. It doesn't indicate a market
or an economy rather that's about to
tumble into recession. I'm trying to
understand this market reaction. I find
it really curious especially because
there's even a little bit of dollar
strength coming in on the heels of this
even though it seems like the Fed would
cut rates regardless of the fact that
consumer spending is coming in hotter
than expected. If you want to add to the
confusion, even the revisions to retail
sales from the prior month were revised
upward. They were not revised downward.
So across the board, you're seeing this
momentum coming into today. The only
thing I can think of is maybe the New
York Fed services business activity came
in lighter than expected. But if you're
going to hinge your entire market bet on
that, well, this is a market that's
changed.
>> Yeah, you're scraping the barrel.
>> Been reaching for that this morning.
Exactly. This is good data. It's better
news. Mike McKe, I want to bring you
back into the conversation. We know who
will be around the table. Governor Kirk,
Governor Myron, talk to me about now
they're looking at the totality of the
data, how things are set up for them
tomorrow.
Well, it's an interesting situation with
retail sales. Of course, this is a
smaller part of overall spending than
services, but we're seeing some strength
in just about every category, including
the things that have been tariffed. Uh
electronics and furniture stores up
3/10en of a percent. Uh furniture and
home furnishings were down by 3/10en,
but uh health and personals uh I mean
gasoline stations were up half a
percent. Gas prices did go up. Clothing
and accessories up 1%. You'd expect that
in back to school times. Uh non-store
retailers up a strong 2% and food
services and drinking places down a
little bit from what they were last
month, but still up 7/10en of a percent.
And that's the discretionary part of
retail sales. So we're seeing strength
uh for the American consumer. If the
American consumer is going to keep that
up, then the Fed has a question to ask
about how much it needs to cut rates.
>> Mike McKe with the latest. Michael,
thank you. I mentioned Governor Lisa
Cook. So the latest news overnight we
woke up to this happened yesterday
evening. An appeals court blocked the
White House from removing Federal
Reserve Governor Lisa Kirk. Just a
headline cross in a bloom terminal. This
coming to you from Reuters. The White
House to appeal that court ruling on the
Fed. Lisa Cook. Not exactly surprising,
largely expected.
>> Yeah. The question now is will it go to
the Supreme Court given the fact that it
was an appeals court that did rule two
to one to keep Lisa Cook in her seat as
the adjudication of the actual case goes
forward. A real question here about
whether the Trump administration's
appeal is intended to go to the Supreme
Court in an emergency injunction ahead
of today and tomorrow. It seems like
Lisa Cook will be at this meeting.
Beyond that, I don't think any of us are
thinking too far.
>> That drama continues. The latest in this
market, an upside surprise on US retail
sales. The control group positive 0.7%.
The estimate in our survey, we were
looking for 0.4. With us around the
table, Steve Rashid of Missouo. Steve,
good morning.
>> Good morning. It's good to see you, sir.
>> At the epicenter of your research, I
think you're cool at the moment. You
asked the right question. Just how
restrictive is monetary policy.
>> Clearly, the Federal Reserve's got one
opinion on that. What's yours?
>> Well, the Federal Reserve opinion is 3%
is neutral. Uh my view is 4% is neutral.
So, we're a heck of a lot closer to
neutral uh than the Federal Reserve
would be assuming. The difference
between us is what you assume for the
the the real underlying rate of interest
that's required in the economy to
achieve the Fed's balanced trajectory of
long-term maximum sustainable employment
and low inflation. The Fed thinks it's
1%. We think it's 2%. So if the Fed's
credible at a 2% inflation rate, which
is arguably questionable as well, then
you're at 3% or you're at 4%.
>> I'm trying to understand this market
move. I can't. Can you explain this to
me? Why is the bond market just not
doing anything on the idea that we got
retail sales that were hotter than
expected across the board and it seems
like the US economy is doing just fine
at a time when yeah the headline
payrolls number has come in but a lot of
people are saying that's appropriate
given some of the demographics.
>> You know you're asking the question is
where have all the bond vigilantes gone
and and the answer really is they're all
either indexers or closet indexers. So
all they care about is is the
performance. It's number one. Number
two, there is a global deflationary
force out there. Number three, it's hard
to short a market in front of the
Federal Reserve cutting interest rates,
which they're going to do. Um, and then
there there's a fourth consideration,
which is for a lot of people in the
marketplace, these levels of yields are
attractive, uh, because they really have
never witnessed substantially higher
levels of yield. And every time there's
been a backup, they've done well by
buying it. So, you're in an environment
where you're expecting the Fed to cut
not only once, but potentially three
times before the end of the year. uh
they're not going to do a jumbo rate
cut, although there will be voices
around the table for a jumbo rate cut.
So in that environment, it kind of makes
sense for the people just won't short
this market. And if you won't short it,
it's hard to make it go down in price.
>> You said something in there that there's
a global deflationary force. Correct. If
that's the case, why don't we all buy
bonds? Because ultimately then we're not
worried about inflation anymore and
we're getting something real for our
money. Well, that's that's exactly part
of the problem is is you have this
global deflationary force and the
question is you saw the import price
numbers going up. They're still
relatively tame.
>> What is this deflationary force? What
are you talking about?
>> It's China. China is the global
deflationary force. It's replaced Japan
as the global deflationary force. It has
to dump product around the world. And
that's one of the reasons why I don't
think you're seeing the amount of impact
from the Trump tariffs because I think,
you know, even though import prices are
going up, when you look against the
tariffs, they're not going up as much.
So I I do agree that I think the the the
importers are um are dealing with some
of the tariffs, but I also think that
people are exporting are dealing with
some of the tariffs and it's getting
absorbed that way. And I think there's
an additional factor that people are
fearful of in here and that is whether
or not this administration is going to
attempt to do something like yield curve
control by adjusting the long-term
supply of Treasury debt. So when you
roll all those factors we talked to
together, you can see why it's hard to
get the market to short in this
environment.
>> Is that what you're expecting? Some kind
of yield curve control?
>> Well, that's the fear. I don't think
Scott Bessant has moved towards it, but
everyone is convinced he's going to if
push comes to shove because Donald Trump
wants lower interest rates and he has
more room to go in terms of raising
money in bills. Now, it's also
interesting despite all the money
they're raising in the tariffs. You
know, you are seeing the budget deficit
still deteriorate fairly rapidly. So,
there is going to be more supply coming
down the pipeline, but they may wind up
just doing it all in bills.
>> It's funny that when you talk about
yield curve control, I think about
monetary policy and you think about it
coming out of the Treasury. How
important is that distinction?
>> Well, there there is a big distinction
between the two of them. uh because one
is a function of a central banker making
a decision based on a hard and fast
policy rule and the other is based on a
political decision and it's that
politicizing of this the interest rate
environment that I think is is a big big
big part of the factor of why yields
can't go down.
>> How long can bonds and stocks keep
rallying together at this point given
everything you said?
>> Well, I mean the equity market looks
pretty good. Look, my my forward
earnings numbers are very good. My
earnings revision factors are very very
good. uh we haven't pushed multiples to
any sub sign significant level. I I
think that to get back to the question
you asked earlier which was why is the
dollar not doing well? Why did the
dollar sell off a little bit on this? I
I should say improve a little bit on
this. And that is because people had
been expecting three rate cuts. That was
the potential. And I myself when I moved
from nothing I said might as well just
throw in three. You know now you're in a
backdrop now you're in a backdrop where
you know are you really just looking at
two? So that's the reason why maybe the
dollar is going to strengthen a little
bit. Just going back to this, do you
think that bond market uh investors,
bond market traders are whistling past
the graveyard just a little bit or do
you think that they are right to focus
on the overcapacity of China, the right
to focus on the uh ability of companies
to adapt and adjust and say ultimately
this will be a soft landing?
>> If yields were higher, I'd be more
convinced in answering that question.
Yes. If we were in that 450 area, I
think then you could sit there and say
maybe the bond market is correct and
we'll hold in because at least I'm being
rewarded somewhat for the risk I'm
taking because I've already got an
inflation rate running at three right
now. I'm getting no protection from that
inflation rate. I'm I'm missing 100
basis points. That bothers me and it
should be bothering the investors. But
again, how can you short it against all
those factors?
>> Steve, going into the Fed tomorrow, just
a final thought. What I've really sensed
from you from speaking to you, it sounds
like you believe it's quite a mistake to
anchor the view of the labor market just
around a step down in payrolls growth.
Is that a fair description of where
you're at?
>> I'm disappointed by the by the labor
force growth numbers. I think I
understand what's happening. companies
that have seen their margins uh being um
you know impacted or afraid their
margins are going to be impacted opted
for a more cautious route but they're
having to pay their employees more and
they're having to work their existing
employees more and they're still
generating the income. I mean is it is
it a mistake to cut rates 25 basis
points? Is it a mistake to get back to
4% on the Fed funds rate which is where
I think is neutral? No. You can you can
live through that. Getting and saying
we're going to get to three is where I
have trouble with this market.
>> Do we get one or the other tomorrow
afternoon? Steve Rashuta of Missou.
Steve, thank you sir. Pleasure.
>> Good to see you. Thanks for giving us
some time. Let's give an update on
stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Here's Yahara Arnard. Hey,
Yahara.
>> Hi, John. Prosecutors in Utah are
expected to file capital murder charges
against Charlie Kirk's alleged assassin.
22-year-old Tyler Robinson is due for
his first court appearance today.
Investigators have used DNA evidence to
link Robinson to the murder, including a
screwdriver recovered from the rooftop
where the fatal shot was fired.
Meanwhile, President Trump has filed a
$15 billion defamation and liel lawsuit
against the New York Times. He's
accusing the paper of serving as a quote
mouthpiece for Democrats and cites the
Times endorsement of former presidential
candidate Kla Harris. The New York Times
saying the suit has no merit and that it
won't be quote deterred by intimidation
tactics. And week two of the NFL wrapped
up with a Monday Night Football double
header that saw the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
defeat the Houston Texans 20-9. and
Baker Mayfield led a game-winning
touchdown drive in the final minutes to
secure the victory. In Vegas, the
Raiders fell to the Chargers 20-19 as
Justin Herbert's two touchdown passes
helped improve Los Angeles to 2 and 0 on
the season. That's brief. John
>> Yahara, thank you. Appreciate it. Thanks
for this morning. Up next, we'll catch
up with Christina Campy of Invesco with
the Fed's 2-day meeting set to begin.
Plus, Danny's got your morning movers
going into the opening bell. Oracle
getting a boost thanks to Tik Tok.
[Music]
The reality is if he goes 25 that means
that we're still restrictive, we're
slightly less restrictive than we have
been and he will justify continuing to
remain somewhat restrictive in all the
uncertainties. And so if the takeaway is
that we're not starting 25 basis points
per meeting and instead it will be
meeting by meeting, I think the market
sells off. That was Ian Lingan of Beimo
looking for 25 basis points tomorrow.
And then the big question is what comes
next? Retail sales dropping just moments
ago about 20 minutes ago. Equity futures
still positive by a tenth of 1% on the
S&P 500 on the NASDAQ up by 0.2. A
really decent upside surprise for the
consumer.
>> An upside revision to the prior month
across the board. Even the control group
which people look at came in 0.7%
increase versus the expected 0.4%
increase. We also saw export prices
increase more than expected. So why are
markets not responding? Because
essentially they had baked in at least
two rate cuts this year, possibly three.
And it doesn't change the trajectory
going forward given some of the
deflationary forces as Steven Rashido is
talking about that people see coming
down the pike.
>> I always say the first move is not
always the right move and we'll see if
this sticks. But this is the move right
now on the screen. Yields up by just a
single basis point on tens off the back
of that better than expected data. 4.05%
05%. Let's get you some single names.
The opening about 42 minutes ago away
with the latest. Here's Danny Burger.
Hey Danny.
>> Hey John. What a run for Oracle. First
it was those AI powered earnings. This
time around it is Tik Tok with Trump
confirming that some sort of framework
is in place to reach a deal around this.
Of course Oracle was in the talks when
we first had these discussions around
Tik Tok remaining in the US. CBS News
reporting that they are part of it this
time around too. Not getting any details
on the structure of it, but nonetheless,
shares are up 4.2%
just under that. Also, Tesla in focus
this morning with the National Highway
Administration zeroing in and
investigating their electric power
doors. That great Bloomberg
investigative piece that often they
don't work when there are issues of
power in the car. Shares are still
higher though, 1.2% still rallying after
Elon Musk about $1 billion worth of
shares. So, still getting a boost from
that. not the regulators this morning.
Finally, and I am so sorry to bring this
one up again, but Hershey's still
rallying up 3%. One of the best
performers of big cap stocks because it
got a double upgrade from Goldman Sachs
saying that not only are tariffs and
price increases really well known, but
it has pricing power. It's got brand
name, so it's able to raise the cost of
your Kapat bar. John,
>> don't apologize. I've enjoyed the Bremo
rants all morning.
>> Oh boy.
>> Thank you. Appreciate it. More from
Danny and Matt Miller in about 11
minutes time with Bloomberg open
interest. Let's keep it on this market
and look ahead to the Federal Reserve.
Christina Camp many of Invesco writing
the following. The threats to Fed
independence and data reliability
concerns both should mean higher long
rates and more term premium demanded.
Christina joins us now for more.
Christina, good morning.
>> Good morning. Thanks so much for having
me.
>> The power of the word should.
>> Should that's not happening, is it?
>> What is happening?
>> It's not happening just yet. Um we did
certainly we have seen steepening this
year and we have seen some of that but
it feels like the end of summer and the
start of this corporate supply calendar
that came back and it feels like there's
money just being allocated and Steve
spoke to it in the last segment of just
the outright level of yields. people
say, "Okay, we we're willing to put some
money to work." But I think when we take
a step back and we look at there's a lot
of big forces that are moving this year
and big changes and I think some of
these like Fed independence, what's
going on the BLS, like these are big
things and they will matter in the long
end in the long run and in the long end
for where rates are, I think.
>> So, what kind of numbers do you think we
should be thinking about because
flattening resumed starting September,
you started to come down at the long end
of the curve. You're thinking about them
coming back up to what kind of levels?
Look, I think getting back to 5% in
bonds in a medium-term is is a
reasonable number where we're 466 467.
Um I think that those are reasonable and
it should be a drift. I think again part
of it is that the one point of the curve
that has moved a lot is 1030. So there's
some kind of reallocation of money. But
I think you have to take a step back and
say like where do we ultimately end with
the Fed and what are the underlying
dynamics going on? We know that the Fed
will most likely begin its easing cycle
tomorrow. I think our base case is that
they it's it's a similar playout to last
year that they deliver kind of three to
four hikes 75 to 100 and then kind of
assess where we are and where do we go
from here but is there scope for a lot
more certainly with the changes in the
Fed that are expected next year. I think
that's
>> I guess I guess part of the issue that
I'm having I'm still struggling with the
market reaction from this data and what
the signal is and I understand John you
are correct the first move is not always
the final move or the correct move and
there's a real question here about
signal But it's you you can tell
something by the fact that this market
does not believe that you have
strengthened the economy turning into a
reason for the Fed not to cut rates. And
it's not a reason to sell the long end
either. So what will
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, if you take a step
back and you look at the price action in
the last even two weeks, you say like
the bond is rallying, stocks are at
their all-time high, credit's almost at
its all-time tights across the board.
Like these are very very tight levels in
credit. And you say like how do these
pieces match together? And I think it's
this shift from Powell that's
reintroduced kind of the theme of last
year of we feel like we're tight from
the Fed. We feel like we are at
restrictive levels and we can deliver
some easing whether that is
precautionary preemptive or I think once
we got the August the payrolls report in
August like maybe things are breaking
more. So, I think the market's still
trying to weigh like is something really
breaking or are is the Fed just trying
to get a little closer to neutral
because 450 isn't neutral. And like the
consumer has been very resilient all
year and I think you've had Michelle
Meyer on here all year and even the BFA
re um retail sales numbers from their
card data all year have said like the
consumer is being resilient and is still
spending and they're choosier but
they're spending and and you keep seeing
that. You see it in today's data
>> over the past couple of weeks, the US
bond market has outperformed other uh
developed market uh bond markets. And I
wonder if that's poised to shift. If you
could see that change, if you really
believe in this deflationary force, this
doesn't look like a US market that can
continue to trade on weakness if these
numbers that we just saw are correct.
>> Yeah, I think there there are some kind
of bifurcations that have to happen. And
I think we take a step back and say like
with all of the broad macro dynamics,
what's what's the most compelling market
for us? And I think it's still for us is
that we should have a weaker dollar. And
with that, we should we should have
higher rates in the US. And you've seen
you haven't seen that trend of late. But
like when we look and we run global
portfolios where places more
interesting, we like allocating money to
the Australian rates market. We think
there's there's a case in Canada because
of kind of more clear deterioration.
Um UK market is certainly a hairy
there's all sorts of things going on
there but there is some value out I
think in in the UK market in bits and
pieces too. So
>> that was one of the contrarian trades
from Bank of America and the fund
manager survey. No one seems to like
that market.
>> All I could say is even Christina
doesn't seem to like it. Even if she
likes it she's please I understand to be
a little cautious right it gives you a
sense of where people are at with this
one.
>> Just to pick up on this theme of a
stronger economy. Scott Kirby of United
Airlines speak in early this morning and
essentially saying that the travel
demand story for him this fall and going
through the rest of this year is
stronger than the broader statistics for
the economy show which again speaks to
this retail sales print set against the
weakness we've seen for payroll growth.
>> If you want to go skiing, if you want to
go to a beach, if you want to go to any
vacation spot in December, take a look
at plane tickets and it will give you a
sense of just how strong that demand is.
I just that's my gauge is to figure out
how strong demand is by checking out
some of the popular destinations and
what the price tags look like.
>> Christina, what's your gauge? What
anchors your view?
>> Look, I think there's some it's
interesting when we look at like planes
and and just some of the like what do
you feel when you're out there and
seeing it. We talk about and our team
travels a lot internationally. The
flights to London and back and forth and
that a lot of those flights are a lot
more empty and maybe you're not seeing
because of the change of the weakness of
the dollar, you're not seeing as much
international kind of travel. But I
think you're talking about this tale of
two consumers that we've had for a while
here and those that have money continue
to spend and can be choosy. Um, and
you're even like you have like the trade
down and like if the Walmart's doing
well and it's just like a choosier where
where do I want to spend my money? So,
>> we've seen it for a few years, that's
for sure. Christina, it's good to see
you. Great.
>> Thanks for being here. Thank you.
Christina Cman of Invesco. Coming up
tomorrow, special coverage from the Bank
of America trading floor. Look out for
that at 6:00 a.m. Eastern time. We'll
catch up with Mark Cabana of Bank of
America, Sevita Subramanium, Jim Demar,
and Brian Moahan from New York City.
This is Bloomberg.